train





sample_id,catalog_content,image_link,price
33127,"Item Name: La Victoria Green Taco Sauce Mild, 12 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Value: 72.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51mo8htwTHL.jpg,4.890000000000001
198967,"Item Name: Salerno Cookies, The Original Butter Cookies, 8 Ounce (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Original Butter Cookies: Classic butter cookies made with real butter
Bullet Point 2: Variety Pack: Includes 4 boxes with 32 cookies total
Bullet Point 3: Occasion Perfect: Delicious cookies for birthdays, weddings, anniversaries
Bullet Point 4: Shareable Treats: Fun to give and enjoy with friends and family
Bullet Point 5: Salerno Brand: Trusted brand of delicious butter cookies since 1925
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71YtriIHAAL.jpg,13.12
261251,"Item Name: Bear Creek Hearty Soup Bowl, Creamy Chicken with Rice, 1.9 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Loaded with hearty long grain wild rice and vegetables
Bullet Point 2: Full of hearty goodness
Bullet Point 3: Single serve bowls
Bullet Point 4: Easy to prepare mix
Bullet Point 5: 0 grams trans fat
Value: 11.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51+PFEe-w-L.jpg,1.97
55858,"Item Name: Judee’s Blue Cheese Powder 11.25 oz - Gluten-Free and Nut-Free - Use in Seasonings and Salad Dressings - Great for Dips, Spreads and Sauces - Made in USA
Bullet Point 1: Add to your favorite appetizers, dips & spreads. Use to season popcorn or warmed pita chips.
Bullet Point 2: Sprinkle over french fries, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, roasted veggies, pasta, and more
Bullet Point 3: Made in a dedicated gluten-free facility and shipped in a standup, resealable pouch to ensure freshness
Bullet Point 4: Ingredients: Blue Cheese (Milk, Salt, Cultures, & Enzymes) and Disodium Phosphate
Bullet Point 5: Since 2009, Judee’s has been dedicated to providing fresh, allergy-conscious ingredients, great for your recipes and even better for your family
Product Description: Judees Powdered Blue Cheese cheddar cheese powder is an alternative to mozzarella cheese shredded or american cheese slices deli. Make your own alfredo sauce with heavy cream and black buffalo dip with this powder. It adds extra flavor to salad dressing like ranch dressing and great on pizza dough or cauliflower pasta. Add to macaroni and cheese or popcorn seasoning for more aroma and cheesy feel. Combine with mustard and other ingredients to create your own dressing for buffalo chicken or buffalo wings.
Value: 11.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41mu0HAToDL.jpg,30.339999999999996
292686,"Item Name: kedem Sherry Cooking Wine, 12.7 Ounce - 12 per case.
Bullet Point: kedem Sherry Cooking Wine, 12.7 Ounce - 12 per case.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41sA037+QvL.jpg,66.49
9259,"Item Name: Member's Mark Member's Mark, Basil, 6.25 oz
Bullet Point 1: Green Herb, Italian Staple, Great mixed with Oregano
Bullet Point 2: Large Size, Chef Bottle
Bullet Point 3: Packed in the USA
Value: 6.25
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81nw0HXpCRL.jpg,18.5
191846,"Item Name: Goya Foods Sazonador Total Seasoning, 30 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: SAZONADOR TOTAL | Enhance the natural flavors of food with the perfect mix of natural ingredients, Goya Sazonador Total. GOYA Sazonador Total adds super flavor in a flash. This versatile seasoning mix includes the perfect blend of Latino spices that makes your meal extra special. We’re sure you’ll love it.
Bullet Point 2: THE PERFECT SEASONING | GOYA Sazonador Total is the perfect blend of garlic, onion and Latin spices that adds quick flavor to any meat, chicken, fish and vegetables. Just sprinkle over meats, poultry, seafood and vegetables before cooking. You can also use it to punch up the taste of salads, sauces, and soups. A simple shake is all it takes!
Bullet Point 3: VERSATILE | This versatile seasoning mix includes the perfect blend of Latino spices that makes your meal extra special. We’re sure you’ll love it. GOYA Sazonador Total is the perfect blend of garlic, onion and Latin spices that adds quick flavor to any meat, chicken, fish and vegetables.
Bullet Point 4: PREMIUM QUALITY | If it's Goya... it has to be good! | ¡Si es Goya... tiene que ser bueno!
Bullet Point 5: PACK OF 6: 30 OZ BOTTLES | Discover Goya's incredible variety of seasonings on Amazon Fresh, Amazon Retail and Prime Pantry
Value: 180.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61dH2Ebkt0L.jpg,5.99
222007,"Item Name: VineCo Original Series Chilean Sauvignon Blanc Wine Making Ingredient Kit
Bullet Point 1: Chilean Sauvignon Blanc Wine Kit - VineCo Original Series
Bullet Point 2: Flavor Profile - Herbaceous, stone fruit and tropical fruit
Bullet Point 3: Kit Volume: 8 L, Approximate Yield: 23 L
Bullet Point 4: Ready to Bottle: In 4 weeks
Bullet Point 5: Ingredient Kit Only Does Not Contain Alcohol
Product Description: Chilean Sauvignon Blanc Wine Kit - VineCo Original Series - Unleash the Refreshing Essence of Sauvignon Blanc Known for its vibrant personality, Sauvignon Blanc is a green-skinned grape that embodies the wild spirit of nature. Its name is derived from the French term for ""wild,"" reflecting its unrestrained growth and bold flavors. This grape variety thrives in diverse climates, producing wines that range from crisp and herbaceous to tropical and fruity. In cooler regions, you can expect wines to showcase a lively acidity with green bell pepper and grassy notes, while warmer areas enhance the fruit profile, leading to delightful tropical flavors. Chilean Sauvignon Blanc is particularly celebrated for its citrusy brightness, moving away from the greener characteristics often associated with the grape. Instead, it highlights a luscious mix of stone fruits, passion fruit, and zesty lime, presenting a more refined take on this beloved varietal. The winemaking conditions in Chile, marked by a combination of warm days and cool evenings, allow for optimal ripening while retaining essential acidity. The VineCo Chilean Sauvignon Blanc captures the essence of this grape beautifully. It offers a lively bouquet of herbaceous notes intertwined with enticing flavors of stone fruit and tropical delights. This dry white wine is crafted without oak, maintaining its fresh character. This wine kit encourages you to enjoy the Sauvignon Blanc at its peak freshness. With no aging required, you can indulge in its crisp flavors shortly after bottling. Its versatility means it pairs wonderfully with a variety of dishes, making it a fantastic option for any meal, from light appetizers to vibrant salads and even sushi. Experience the joy of pairing this delightful wine with your culinary creations. Ingredient Kit Only Does Not Contain Alcohol.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71JllaFpxML.jpg,94.0
37614,"Item Name: NATURES PATH CEREAL FLK MULTIGRAIN ORG ECO, 32 OZ, PK- 6
Value: 192.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/21O9RftI2vL.jpg,35.74
238044,"Item Name: Mrs. Miller's Seedless Black Raspberry Jam 9 Ounce (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Homemade Seedless Black Raspberry Jam made from the finest ripened black raspberries
Bullet Point 2: Hand scooped in Ohio’s Amish Country
Bullet Point 3: Made with real Cane Sugar
Bullet Point 4: Spoon it onto your toast or biscuit, or use it as a tasty glaze on your pork or chicken
Bullet Point 5: GMO Free
Product Description: Made from the finest ripened black raspberries, Mrs. Miller's Homemade Seedless Black Raspberry Jam packs a delicious sweet taste. Black raspberries possess one of the richest flavors of all fruits, so it is no surprise that this flavor ranks at the top of everyone's list. Spoon it onto your toast or biscuit, or use it as a tasty glaze on your pork or chicken. Don't be surprised if you find yourself licking off the spoon with this one, or even just eating it right out of the jar. Hand scooped in Ohio's Amish Country. Ingredients: Pure Cane Sugar, Black Raspberries, Water, Pectin Lemon Juice, Citric Acid
Value: 9.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41miQk+RkJL.jpg,31.8
254947,"Item Name: Braswell's Key Lime Marinade for Sole 12oz
Bullet Point: Key Lime Marinade for sole. Very light but with a solid taste!
Product Description: Key Lime Marinade for sole. Very light but with a solid taste!
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/315YCWx0zrL.jpg,15.99
283223,"Item Name: Albanese Assorted Gummi Bears, Sugar Free, 5-Pound Bags (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point: Case of two bags (total 10 pounds)
Value: 160.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71qkXfh7y3S.jpg,33.5
21740,"Item Name: KiZE Bars, 4 Count, Cookie Dough Flavor, High Protein, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Non-GMO, Soy Free Snack Food Bars
Bullet Point 1: REFRIGERATE: For maximum freshness and dessert-like taste!
Bullet Point 2: GREAT TASTE: Dessert like taste, kid approved, with minimal ingredients & maximum impact!
Bullet Point 3: HIGH PROTEIN: 8g-10g protein, A great high protein snack, meal replacement, breakfast on the go, pre and post workout, snack for kids, and healthy dessert snack!
Bullet Point 4: CLEAN & SIMPLE: Made with only 4-8 real food ingredients and from in-house freshly made nut-butters, KiZE Bars are packed with clean and simple food ingredients you can pronounce.
Bullet Point 5: LOOKING FOR VARIETY: We have plant-based, Keto, dairy-free, vegan options available for any dietary need. All KiZE bars are gluten free, natural, & soy free.
Bullet Point 6: MISSION BASED: With each KiZE Bar purchased, you are helping feed, support, and transform lives of those in need throughout the world. Your purchase impacts a community of 1,000 children in Haiti and helps serve the homeless, hungry, and youth right here in the USA!
Bullet Point 7: CONVINIENCE: KiZE bars are perfect for on-the-go lifestyles, as a meal replacement, pre & post workout, family friendly, or as a healthy dessert snack.
Bullet Point 8: FUEL YOUR BEST & EXPERIENCE THE KiZE DIFFERENCE!
Bullet Point 9: MADE IN THE USA!
Product Description: KiZE Energy Bar 4 Pack
Value: 4.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41a5Wp9NKHL.jpg,6.98
170292,"Item Name: Smuckers Natural Peanut Butter Chunky, 16 OZ (Pack of 12)
Product Description: Smucker's Natural Chunky Peanut Butter - | Kosher | Made without Hydrogenated Oils |Smucker's Natural Chunky Peanut Butter is made with roasted peanuts and a dash of salt.
Value: 192.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31JwrRY9yqL.jpg,4.255
71500,"Item Name: BODYARMOR LYTE Sports Drink Low-Calorie Sports Beverage, Strawberry Banana, Coconut Water Hydration, Potassium-Packed Electrolytes, Perfect For Athletes, 28 Fl Oz (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Low Calorie
Bullet Point 2: No Sugar Added
Bullet Point 3: No Artificial Sweeteners, Flavors, or Dyes
Bullet Point 4: Potassium-Packed Electrolytes
Bullet Point 5: Vitamins & Antioxidants
Value: 336.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81lSX9agSyL.jpg,1.67
266475,"Item Name: Organic Vinegar; Apple Cider
Value: 102.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41SHfxsFz5L.jpg,81.44
88520,"Item Name: Himalania Pink Salt Fine Jar 10.0 OZ(Pack of 6)
Value: 10.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61-iuhdhkZL.jpg,56.72
125583,"Item Name: BUSH'S BEST 16 oz Canned Barbecue Baked Beans, Source of Plant Based Protein and Fiber, Low Fat, Gluten Free, (Pack of 12)
Value: 192.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71B-6hQQDzL.jpg,5.47
271423,"Item Name: BulkSupplements.com Trehalose Powder - Natural Sweetener, Trehalose Sugar Substitute - Vegan & Gluten Free, 5g per Serving, 5kg (11 lbs) (Pack of 5)
Bullet Point 1: Defining Sweetness, Redefined: At our core, a sweetener is not just a substitute for sugar; it's an invitation to a world where sweetness harmonizes with health. Our Trehalose powder is crafted to deliver the full sensory joy of sugar, minus the health drawbacks, paving the way to a life where indulgence and well-being walk hand-in-hand.
Bullet Point 2: Elevate Your Culinary Creations: Transform your kitchen into a sanctuary of health and taste with our versatile Trehalose powder, or Trehalose sugar. Perfect for baking, cooking, or just adding a touch of sweetness to your favorite beverage, our sweeteners maintain their delightful taste under a variety of conditions, making every dish a masterpiece of flavor.
Bullet Point 3: Peace of Mind in Every Serving: Enjoy the sweet life without fear! Our Trehalose powder, a natural sweetener, is meticulously manufactured to ensure they’re free from common allergens. This means you can indulge in your favorite sweets, confident in the knowledge that you’re not compromising your health for taste.
Bullet Point 4: Transparent and Trustworthy: Experience the confidence that comes with choosing a supplement that not only meets rigorous third-party testing but also upholds the principles of clarity and integrity in its formulation and production.
Bullet Point 5: Commitment to Excellence: Produced in a facility compliant with strict cGMP standards, our Trehalose powder, or low calorie sweetener, stands as a testament to our dedication to quality. You can trust in our product's consistency and excellence, batch after batch.
Product Description: At BulkSupplements.com, we sell dietary supplement ranging from amino acids & protein powders, to herbal supplements, vitamins & minerals that may help your health and wellness journey. Find the perfect addition to your daily routine. Our wide selection gives you the freedom to create your own supplement regimen for your health goals. We offer variety of forms to help you find what works for your lifestyle, pick between powder, capsules & softgels. Our broad selection of dietary supplements are manufactured according to cGMP Standards to ensure the highest quality for manufacturing, packaging, labeling, and holding operations. Plus, we work with a third-party laboratory that test our each batches of our products at multiple stages during production, from raw material to finished products, to ensures compliance, standards, and consistency. With a variety of more than 500 supplements, we have something for everyone. Whether you're looking to maintain optimal health or just want some help crossing the finish line, we've got you covered.
Value: 176.37
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61S0ASqAujL.jpg,109.97
260842,"Item Name: Sayan Siberian All Day Set Instant Chaga Mushroom Tea, Pack of 3 Daily Tablets (90 Pcs) - Wild-Harvested, Premium Blend – Natural Antioxidant Tea for Immune Support, Energy Boost & Improved Digestion
Bullet Point 1: All Day Chaga Longevity Program –Set includes Chaga with cordyceps & thyme for morning immunity, chaga with reishi & ginger for an afternoon transition, chaga with peach leaf & and Siberian fir extracts for an evening serving of antioxidants
Bullet Point 2: Powerful Immune Booster And Antioxidant – Kings of Herbs adaptogen Chaga mushroom improves immunity and helps the body manage environmental pressure. Powerful antioxidant provides energy boos, help detox, and support liver
Bullet Point 3: Easy To Make, Smooth & Suprisingly Tasty – A cross between tea and coffee, Chaga is neither too sweet nor over-powering. Soothing and calming blend, pleasantly mild and earthy with no aftertaste. Perfect on their own or with a dash of honey
Bullet Point 4: Wild Harvested In Pristine Siberian Forests – Freeze-dried Chaga extract for maximum potency. Chaga instant tea tablet is uniquely blended with medicinal mushrooms and herbs extracts to provide maximum promote healthy living.
Bullet Point 5: All Natural Non-GMO, Dairy And Gluten Free – Free from gluten, dairy, caffeine, preservatives, fillers, binders and artificial additives, Sayan non-GMO Chaga herbal tea is safe for vegetarian and vegan diets. Only the very best Chaga Tea is offered to you.
Product Description: Imagine all the benefits of wild harvested chaga mushroom instant tea and other health-giving gems from the earth, concentrated in single tablet for on-the-go maximum advantage. A dry compact-extract of chaga includes highest concentration of active ingredients. Why Choose Sayan All Day Chaga Mushroom Instant Tea? Sayan presents All Day Chaga Longevity Program, consisting of three exclusive tea tablets designed for daily use. Boasting unparalleled benefits on its own, Chaga has been used for centuries in Asian and Russian folk medicine, and is rich in antioxidants, minerals, flavonoids, polysaccharides, and melanin. When combined with other medicinal mushrooms and spices, the effect is a vibrant combination of bio nutrients that keeps you feeling energized and glowing. Sayan is the only company to pioneer the production technology required to encapsulate chaga tea benefits in compact extract form. Features of All Day Chaga Instant Tea: Provides strong antioxidant protection. Remarkable immunity supporting effects. Improves appearance of skin and hair. Supports the health of the nervous system and gastrointestinal tract. Promotes digestion and facilitate your body's natural ability to cleanse itself of toxins. All Day Chaga Instant Tea – A Power Pack of Natural Immunity Boosters, Adaptogens & Antioxidants to Support Your Every Day Health: We've included three daily tea tablets in each pack: chaga with cordyceps and thyme for morning immunity, chaga with reishi and ginger for an afternoon transition, and chaga with peach leaf and Siberian fir extracts for an evening serving of antioxidants. Daily use of this trio of bodily protection and vitality support goes a long way towards maintaining optimal, radiant health.
Value: 90.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Vfi9gcRVL.jpg,50.99
267410,"Item Name: Food to Live Black-Eyed Peas, 25 Pounds - Raw Dried Whole Cow Peas, Kosher, Vegan, Sproutable. High in Dietary Fiber, Easy to Cook. Product of the USA
Bullet Point 1: ✔️Delicious and highly nutritious, black-eyed beans are a great addition to any diet.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️Food to Live Black-Eyed Beans are top-quality, free from any contaminants.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️Black-eyed peas taste amazing in a variety of dishes. They are extremely easy to cook.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️These legumes are one of the healthiest foods you can find. Rich in B vitamins and iron.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️Black-eyed beans make a great source of dietary fiber. Perfect for weight loss diets.
Product Description: <br>Black-eyed beans, also called cowpeas or black-eyed peas, are one of the most popular legumes. They are delicious and extremely versatile. Their high nutritional value and low calorie count makes them one of the best choices for weight loss diets. As they are rich in protein, they are a great meal choice for vegetarians and vegans.<br>Nutritional Value<br>Food to Live Black-Eyed Beans can help you meet your daily dose of B vitamins, as well as vitamin A, iron, and potassium. They are packed with dietary fiber, which helps normalize digestion and can facilitate weight loss. Black-eyed peas are the #1 food source of folate. <br>Directions<br>High versatility is one of the best features of black-eyed beans. You can cook them rather fast (soaking overnight is not mandatory), 20-30 minutes of full boil would do. Use them in salads or stews. Cook with spices or make delicious spreads.<br>This product is processed in a facility that also processes tree nuts and wheat.<br>
Value: 400.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/418XGvkQe-L.jpg,98.99
201749,"Item Name: ALOHA Organic Plant Based Protein Bar MINIS |Caramel Chocolate Pecan | 20 Count, 24g Bars | Vegan, Low Sugar, Gluten Free, Low Carb, Non-GMO, Stevia Free, Soy Free, No Sugar Alcohols
Bullet Point 1: BOX CONTAINS 20 - 24g USDA ORGANIC CHOCOLATE CARAMEL PECAN PLANT BASED PROTEIN BARS
Bullet Point 2: 6 GRAMS OF USDA ORGANIC PLANT-BASED PROTEIN, 4g of Fiber, only 2g of Sugar, Nothing Artificial
Bullet Point 3: SERIOUSLY GREAT TASTING, Vegan, Non-GMO, gluten free snacks, Kosher, Soy-Free, Dairy-Free, Stevia-Free, High Fiber and Paleo Friendly
Bullet Point 4: MADE FOR A HEALTHY LIFESTYLE WITH 100% REAL WHOLE FOOD INGREDIENTS; organic brown rice protein, organic pumpkin seed protein, and nothing artificial
Bullet Point 5: 😋 A DELICIOUS OPTION FOR VEGETARIANS, VEGANS, CELIACS AND PALEO FRIENDLY DIETS. Makes a perfect snack, meal replacement, breakfast on the go or helps to fuel or refuel pre/post workouts or exercise
Bullet Point 6: ALOHA CARES. As a Certified B-Corp, ALOHA cares as much about our products as we do about our people and planet!
Value: 20.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/518e+PYWKZL.jpg,32.09
194856,"Item Name: PLANTERS Unsalted Dry Roasted Peanuts, Resealable Jar, Kosher Nuts, Plant-Based Protein, Quick Snack for Adults, After School Snack, 35 oz Canister
Bullet Point 1: One 35 oz Canister of PLANTERS Unsalted Dry Roasted Peanuts
Bullet Point 2: PLANTERS Unsalted Dry Roasted Peanuts are a heart healthy snack you can feel good about
Bullet Point 3: Packed in a resealable jar to lock in flavor and freshness
Bullet Point 4: Plain peanuts contain no added ingredients
Bullet Point 5: Unsalted peanuts are the perfect fit for a low sodium diet
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81744zhvvuL.jpg,12.32
81813,"Item Name: AMYS CHILI SPICY GF ORG, 14.7 OZ
Value: 14.7
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/419kYd-RbsL.jpg,4.12
234305,"Item Name: AriZona Mucho Mango Fruit Juice Cocktail, 20 Fl Oz (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: REAL JUICE: AriZona Mucho Mango Drink is is the perfect Mango Juice and fruit flavor. Made using real mango fruit juice, super tasty!
Bullet Point 2: WHO'S THIRSTY?: Whether you're drinking straight from the bottle or a tall glass with ice, at home, school, or work, treat yourself with this thirst quenching beverage that's simply delicious.
Bullet Point 3: VITAMIN C: This product is rich with Vitamin C. It's a great tasting drink that can be enjoyed at any age.
Bullet Point 4: 100% NATURAL: This product is free from artificial flavors, coloring and preservatives.
Bullet Point 5: BULK 12 PACK: Order your favorite flavor of AriZona Fruit Juice Cocktail with ease in a 12 pack case
Value: 240.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/517fPOFX0KL.jpg,16.395
154376,"Item Name: Trader Joe's Dark Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans 14 oz.
Bullet Point 1: Chocolate coverd
Bullet Point 2: Trader joes
Bullet Point 3: Trader joe's
Bullet Point 4: Trader joe's chocolate covered espresso beans
Product Description: Trader Joe's Dark Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans 14 oz.
Value: 14.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51CFposir6L.jpg,17.095
202016,"Item Name: Freeze Dried Air Heads (Tarbosaurus Tongues) 4.5 Oz
Bullet Point 1: Item form: Gummy
Bullet Point 2: Item weight: 0.28 pounds
Product Description: 4.5 Oz of Freeze Dried Air Heads. We don't overpack our machines so you can get quality freeze dried Now & Laters. Flavors include Blue Raspberry, Cherry, Orange, Grape, Watermelon, and Mystery. We ship all of the product from in-house in boxes, so your candy shouldn't come damaged or crushed like our competitors! We are a family owned and operated business! We greatly appreciate each and every order! It helps us to grow and provide you with more options of quality freeze dried candy! Be sure to check out all of our other products like Jolly Ranchers, Now & laters, Starbursts, Skittles, Tropical Jolly Ranchers, Nerd Gummies, and so much more!
Value: 4.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Yl2I5Z4TL.jpg,15.5
116291,"Item Name: Klass Listo Jamaica Hibiscus Blended Mexican Drink Mix (2 x 14.1 oz. Packets)
Value: 28.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/815QiPHy1+L.jpg,20.61
234372,"Item Name: La Costeña Whole Pinto Beans with Jalapeños, 19.75 Oz
Bullet Point: Great on their own, as a filling for burritos, tacos and tostadas, and more
Value: 19.75
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71H5jcdd36L.jpg,1.58
116974,"Item Name: Colour Mill Oil-Based Food Coloring, 100 Milliliters (Navy)
Bullet Point 1: Color dyed and dispersed with these oils, allowing you to achieve color rich & vibrant
Bullet Point 2: Best in buttercream, Swiss meringue, chocolate, cake batter, ganache and fondant
Bullet Point 3: Allergen free
Bullet Point 4: Vegan
Bullet Point 5: Meets food safety standards of Australian and New Zealand Food Authority
Product Description: <b>Colour Mill Oil-Based Food Coloring</b> <li>Color dyed and dispersed with these oils, allowing you to achieve color rich & vibrant <li>Best in buttercream, Swiss meringue, chocolate, cake batter, ganache and fondant <li>Allergen free <li>Vegan <li>Meets food safety standards of Australian and New Zealand Food Authority<br><br> Shake well before use.<br> Take it easy, colors will develop over time.<br> Store in a cool dry place away from sunlight.<br> <br><br> Contains glycerol, colors and lecithin. <br><br> Blended & bottled in Australia from local & imported ingredients.
Value: 3.38
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41p2lQ6RLML.jpg,19.845
178219,"Item Name: Maybelline New York Dream Matte Mousse Foundation, Porcelain Ivory, 0.64 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Whipped mousse texture
Bullet Point 2: Matte perfect coverage
Bullet Point 3: Weightless, air soft feel
Value: 0.64
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41V+yJ-a8SL.jpg,13.49
248217,"Item Name: Marshalls Creek Spices SAGE GROUND 7 oz. Kraft Stand Up Pouch ECO Friendly Recyclable Mailer
Bullet Point 1: Marshalls Creek Spices buys in small quantities and packs weekly providing the freshest products possible. Fresher ingredients means more flavor and a longer shelf life.
Bullet Point 2: No Fillers -No Free Flowing Agents or Coloring Agents - No MSG
Bullet Point 3: All Natural & Kosher
Bullet Point 4: Our Spices Are All Hand Packed and 100% Manually Processed, Keeping Our Eco Footprint Smaller. Unlike Those Giants In The Industry
Bullet Point 5: 7 ounce resealable stand up pouch of Ground Sage Ingredients: sage (powder) Sage is an aromatic spice that pairs with turkey, chicken, sausage and beef. Many vegetarian dishes, inluding ""faux"" meat, use sage to imitate the flavors of a non-vegetarian diet.
Product Description: 7 ounce resealable stand up pouch of Ground Sage Ingredients: sage (powder) Sage is an aromatic spice that pairs with turkey, chicken, sausage and beef. Many vegetarian dishes, inluding ""faux"" meat, use sage to imitate the flavors of a non-vegetarian diet.
Value: 7.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71jO3GmXfjL.jpg,12.78
22148,"Item Name: Dark Chocolate Nonpareils - 5 LB Resealable Stand Up Candy Bag - Chocolate Discs Topped with White Nonpareils - Gourmet Chocolates - Bulk Candies for Parties or Holidays
Bullet Point 1: When a special occasion calls for a fancy sweet, nonpareils are a classic dessert with both sophistication and taste. This resealable stand up candy bag contains five (5) pounds of delicious dark chocolate nonpareils.
Bullet Point 2: Topped with white nonpareils, these delicious chocolate discs add a bit of class to any event. Serve them to friends and family at a wedding shower, baby shower, anniversary party, retirement party, graduation, wedding reception, gender reveal party, engagement party, or sweet sixteen birthday party.
Bullet Point 3: The rich dark chocolate disk is a perfect holiday treat to serve for Christmas, Easter, Thanksgiving, Valentine's Day, New Year's Eve, Halloween, or even for casual dinner party with friends and family.
Bullet Point 4: No need to wait for a special occasion to serve your nonpareils. Share these classic and unique treats at an office party, Christmas party, Easter festival, school party, movie night, or church festival.
Bullet Point 5: Save yourself the trouble of baking up a storm. The bulk candy bag is a great way to make sure all of your guests all get a chance to try a unique and beautiful gourmet chocolate candy.
Product Description: When a special occasion calls for a fancy sweet, nonpareils are a classic dessert with both sophistication and taste. This resealable stand up candy bag contains five (5) pounds of delicious dark chocolate nonpareils. Topped with white nonpareils, these delicious chocolate discs add a bit of class to any event. Serve them to friends and family at a wedding shower, baby shower, anniversary party, retirement party, graduation, wedding reception, gender reveal party, engagement party, or sweet sixteen birthday party. The rich dark chocolate disk is a perfect holiday treat to serve for Christmas, Easter, Thanksgiving, Valentine's Day, New Year's Eve, Halloween, or even for casual dinner party with friends and family. No need to wait for a special occasion to serve your nonpareils. Share these classic and unique treats at an office party, Christmas party, Easter festival, school party, movie night, or church festival. Save yourself the trouble of baking up a storm. The bulk candy bag is a great way to make sure all of your guests all get a chance to try a unique and beautiful gourmet chocolate candy.
Value: 80.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/A1uprRCW2wL.jpg,64.99
7575,"Item Name: Country Archer Beef Stick, Jalapeno 1.0 OZ (Pack of 4)
Value: 4.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/419ORKX0w-L.jpg,30.78
100323,"Item Name: Snyder’s of Hanover Gluten Free Pretzel variety pack
Value: 21.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51w1PyY-mBL.jpg,23.99
109029,"Item Name: Camellia Brand Dried Black Beans, 1 Pound (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: Dry Black Beans: Small, oval-shaped beans with a big, meaty flavor. A staple in virtually all Latin cuisines, they’re delicious in salads, soups, purees, and stews, whether vegetarian or seasoned with meat
Bullet Point 2: Hearty and Nutritious: Simmer them or use for soups, stews and side dishes. Add them to lamb, create a snack for the day, or a warm porridge for the evening. A great source of protein for vegans and vegetarians
Bullet Point 3: Gluten-Free: Packed with essential vitamins, antioxidants, and electrolytes, each bag of beans contains protein and fiber. Our gluten-free and non-GMO dry beans, peas and lentils are USA grown
Bullet Point 4: Serious About Beans: Get the best bean for your favorite dinner or dip recipe! Choose from 19 varieties of red kidney, navy, lima, Great Northern, pinto, lady cream, garbanzo, blackeye, split peas, and lentils
Bullet Point 5: Camellia Quality: A family-owned company and New Orleans favorite, Camellia prides itself on offering beans, peas, and lentils to nurture families, traditions and memories
Product Description: Dry Black Beans: Small, oval-shaped beans with a big, meaty flavor. A staple in virtually all Latin cuisines, they’re delicious in salads, soups, purees, and stews, whether vegetarian or seasoned with meat. Hearty and Nutritious: Simmer them or use for soups, stews and side dishes. Add them to lamb, create a snack for the day, or a warm porridge for the evening. A great source of protein for vegans and vegetarians. Gluten-Free: Packed with essential vitamins, antioxidants, and electrolytes, each bag of beans contains protein and fiber. Our gluten-free and non-GMO dry beans, peas and lentils are USA grown. Serious About Beans: Get the best bean for your favorite dinner or dip recipe! Choose from 19 varieties of red kidney, navy, lima, Great Northern, pinto, lady cream, garbanzo, blackeye, split peas, and lentils. Camellia Quality: A family-owned company and New Orleans favorite, Camellia prides itself on offering beans, peas, and lentils to nurture families, traditions and memories
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/513R-hsHWDL.jpg,12.85
38571,"Item Name: Arrowhead Mills Organic Green Lentils, 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point: ...
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/517WwZuggLS.jpg,9.27
56340,"Item Name: Iberia Organic Red Kidney Beans 15.5 oz (Pack of 8)
Bullet Point 1: FRESH AND VERSATILE: Versatile, fresh, and packed with flavor, Iberia Organic Red Kidney Beans have a signature rich, red color and classic bean shape.
Bullet Point 2: MEATY AND HEARTY: These organic red kidney beans have a meaty and hearty consistency with a very refreshing taste that pairs well with a wide variety of meals.
Bullet Point 3: CERTIFIED ORGANIC: Iberia organic red kidney beans are certified organic, these premium red kidney beans are 100% natural made with natural sea salt without any artificial ingredients or color.
Bullet Point 4: ALL NATURAL: Iberia organic red kidney beans containes no chemicals and are full of many vitamins and nutrients. These beans can be used in a wide variety of hot and cold dishes. Add them to stews, chili and soups or make a healthy and delicious cold bean salad, there are endless possibilites with red kidney beans.
Bullet Point 5: BULK SUPPLY: Bulk supply of 8 x 15.5 oz cans of organic red kidney beans.
Value: 124.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81NmzWgfiKL.jpg,29.96
196576,"Item Name: Buchu Leaf (Organic) Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 512125) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Buchu Leaf (Organic) Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 512125)
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Buchu Leaf (Organic) Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 512125)<BR><BR>Packaged in the United States in a GMP certified facility (Good Manufacturing Practice).<BR><BR>No fillers.<BR><BR>Manufacturer: TerraVita<BR><BR>Size: 4 oz<BR><BR>Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!<BR><BR>Ingredients: Buchu
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41VxFtyBHkL.jpg,124.52
274881,"Item Name: Starbucks Ground Coffee, 16 caffe verona 32 Ounce (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: Contains preground, drip-brewing coffee to give you the Starbucks experience from your own standard coffeemaker
Bullet Point 2: Full-bodied blend of Latin American and Asia/Pacific coffees with the sweet touch of Italian Roast
Bullet Point 3: Features a fuller body and robust, bold flavors
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Dimension: 9.0"" L x 3.0"" W x 4.0"" H
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61agF+F46JL.jpg,16.99
166681,"Item Name: Celestial Seasonings Herbal Tea, Red Zinger, 20 Count
Bullet Point: Caffeine Free
Value: 20.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51RLUYQ1ZnL.jpg,5.49
95469,"Item Name: Community Coffee Breakfast Blend 36 Count Coffee Pods, Medium Roast, Compatible with Keurig 2.0 K-cup Brewers, 12 Count (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point 1: Breakfast Blend: Start your day with this smooth, bright, medium roast coffee with notes of honey and hazelnut.
Bullet Point 2: Coffee Pods: We take high-quality 100% Arabica beans, roast and grind them to perfection, then package them in single-serve coffee pods that are Keurig 2.0 (k-cup) compatible for quick, easy brewing
Bullet Point 3: Community Is Everything: From using responsibly sourced coffee beans to programs that support military service members, local schools and more, Community Coffee gives back to our partners and local communities in every way we can
Bullet Point 4: How You Like It: We have k-cup compatible single-serve coffee pods for a quickly brewed cup. For reusable pods, we have whole beans or ground coffee for the same great Community Coffee taste
Bullet Point 5: Quality Assured: All of our coffee beans go through a rigorous scoring system for body, balance, flavor and aroma. Only then can they be considered fit to bear the Community Coffee name
Value: 36.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81x94lyQl7S.jpg,12.23
255445,"Item Name: Don Francisco's 100% Colombia Supremo Ground Coffee, Medium Roast, 100% Arabica (12 Ounce Can)
Bullet Point 1: WITH A SWEET FLORAL AROMA AND WINEY NOTES you savor with every cup, made with the finest Colombian coffees.
Bullet Point 2: WE ARE COMMITTED TO PROVIDING PREMIUM COFFEE with a greener coffee footprint through sustainable practices
Bullet Point 3: OUR DIRECT IMPACT INITIATIVE influences every business decision we make so that we can preserve natural resources and our environment for future generations of our family and yours.
Bullet Point 4: NEARLY 150 YEARS EXPERTISE IN COFFEE: With nearly 150 years’ experience in sourcing, blending and roasting coffee, you can be sure that you will get a consistently rich and satisfying coffee.
Bullet Point 5: BLENDED, ROASTED and packed in the U.S.A.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/712yxCCqObL.jpg,6.99
259866,"Item Name: KaBloom Flowers - Exotic Perla White Orchid Bouquet of 10 White Orchids Without Vase - Gift for Birthday, Get Well, Easter, Valentine, Mother’s Day Fresh Flowers
Bullet Point 1: Composition: The bloom collection includes fresh White Orchids Without Vase. We ship in a specially designed box that protects the flowers during transit.
Bullet Point 2: Fresh Flowers: Our fresh flower bouquets are shipped in their bud stage, ensuring easier transport and longer-lasting blooms. The flowers will fully open within 2–3 days.
Bullet Point 3: Gift Note: To ensure your gift inlcudes your information for the recipient, At checkout, please check off ""THIS IS A GIFT"" or ""ADD A GIFT RECEIPT"" and please include your name in the message.
Bullet Point 4: Care and Handling: To ensure your flowers thrive, remove your bouquet from its wrap, cut them by 1 inches at an angle, and place them in a vase filled with fresh luke warm water.
Bullet Point 5: Fresh flowers for Birthdays, Get Well Gift for Women, Anniversary, Graduation, Sympathy, Congratulations, Thank You, or Just Because
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41yekhILvVL.jpg,58.13
59900,"Item Name: Jiva Organic Coconut Milk Powder 1.25 LB - Gluten Free, Vegan, Dairy Free, All Natural Plant Based Creamer, Keto Friendly, Full Fat & Premium Sri Lankan Quality
Bullet Point 1: You will LOVE our USDA Organic Coconut Milk Powder by Jiva Organics
Bullet Point 2: Our Dried Coconut Milk Powder Bulk is a delicious and nutritious non-dairy creamer. Perfect for use in Coffee and Lattes.
Bullet Point 3: Unlike other brands, ours is a full fat, premium quality. That means you will use less and be more flavorful! Even tastes amazing right out of the bag! Can be used for bath bombs too!
Bullet Point 4: Grown in Sri Lanka. Sri Lankan coconuts are far superior than Vietnamese or Phillipines coconuts, and the taste is evident when you try it!
Bullet Point 5: Large 1.25 Pound bag offers a great value. Packaged in a sealed, resealable foil bag that does not allow light or heat.
Bullet Point 6: Gluten Free. Organic. Non-GMO. Vegan and Dairy Free.
Product Description: Organic Coconut Milk Powder Full Fat Premium Quality 1.25 LB Bag from Jiva Organics
Value: 20.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/5109C4f2fWL.jpg,11.98
61692,"Item Name: Pickled Garlic, Sweet, 2-14 Ounce Jars
Value: 28.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/713ZxAkzdDL.jpg,29.94
56211,"Item Name: Simple Mills Rosemary & Sea Salt Almond Flour Crackers Family Size, Pack of 6
Bullet Point 1: Receive 6 family sized boxes of Simple Mills Rosemary & Sea Salt Almond Flour Crackers. The ultimate, everyday snack that fuels you - no matter what adventures the day has in store for you.
Bullet Point 2: Take a look at our nutritious cracker ingredients. Nutrient dense, purposeful ingredient list for these delicious snacks from Simple Mills.
Bullet Point 3: See our reviews on your iPhone, iPad, Android, or laptop by scrolling down to see how other consumers rate our delicious taste!
Bullet Point 4: Nothing artificial, ever. Shelf stable snack that is perfect for stocking up the pantry and great way to gain energy and boost productivity
Bullet Point 5: Made With Simple Ingredients, Certified Gluten free, Non-GMO, Grain Free, Corn Free, Paleo Friendly, Plant Based
Value: 42.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/519Zkpcwe+L.jpg,7.56
140715,"Item Name: Equator Coffees, Equator Blend Ground Coffee, Medium Dark Roast, Fresh Roasted, Smooth Chocolate & Nutmeg Flavor Notes, Sustainable, 10.5 oz Bag
Bullet Point 1: EQUATOR BLEND: Our namesake blend is always on bar in our cafes and features 100% Arabica coffees from some of the world's best growing regions, including Kenya, Colombia, Sumatra and Brazil
Bullet Point 2: FLAVOR PROFILE: Mellow and complex with flavors of apricot, milk chocolate, marzipan and nutmeg, this crowd-pleasing blend is rich, smooth, and tastes great black or paired with milk or other creamers
Bullet Point 3: Roasted from Marin County, California since 1995 — Equator connects sustainable global coffee farming communities to coffee lovers in the US.
Bullet Point 4: SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS: We nurture long-term relationships with growers who practice responsible land stewardship and sustainable farming; We also use plant-based packaging and energy efficient coffee roasters
Bullet Point 5: WOMEN-FOUNDED: Equator Coffees has committed 25+ years to sustainable, fair trade coffee practices; Becoming the first California coffee roaster to be Fair Trade and B Corporation-certified solidified our leadership in the global movement for an inclusive, equitable, and regenerative economy
Value: 10.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51i-Etr3OtL.jpg,34.57
186165,"Item Name: Seasons Brand Imported Skinless & Boneless Sardines in Water No Salt Added -- 4.25 oz - 3PC
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41HJmvLaTyL.jpg,2.54
272258,"Item Name: Yoo-Hoo Chocolate Drink, 4 ct
Bullet Point: 99% caffeine free
Value: 48.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/516hutu+NlL.jpg,4.42
191961,"Item Name: Carniceria Compare, Mineragua Club Soda, 12.5 Fl Oz
Bullet Point 1: No Caffeine
Bullet Point 2: With 100% Sugar
Bullet Point 3: Gluten Free
Product Description: Jarritos - Carniceria Compare, Mineragua Club Soda, 12.5 Fl Oz
Value: 12.5
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71J7Dw79WmL.jpg,0.94
245797,"Item Name: THE GOOD CRISP COMPANY Outback BBQ Crinkle Cut Potato Chips, 5.5 OZ
Bullet Point 1: Package type name: Bag
Bullet Point 2: Snack chip type: potato_chip
Bullet Point 3: Nutritional info: 0.0 percent_daily_value_fda
Value: 5.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81vRpY-QcYL.jpg,6.69
278964,"Item Name: Carbquik Baking Mix, 3 Lb (48 Oz) (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: 3 lb Box makes 90 biscuits, just add water!
Bullet Point 2: 90% less carbs than bisquick
Bullet Point 3: 2g Net Carbs per biscuit
Bullet Point 4: No sugar - High in fiber - Low sodium - High in protein
Bullet Point 5: 9 different recipes on the box
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81LVG0KNOeL.jpg,30.475
133751,"Item Name: GRADY’S COLD BREW Coffee Pouches | New Orleans Style | 100% Arabica Ground Coffee & Chicory | TWO Coffee Cans, each with 4 Easy-to-Brew Bean Bags | Makes 24 drinks
Bullet Point 1: Great taste: 100% arabica coffee blended with imported French chicory and a touch of spice, which make it naturally sweeter and more flavorful than plain coffee; all natural, sugar-free, vegan, low calorie, non-GMO, and gluten-free
Bullet Point 2: Ultra convenient: Simply steep bean bags in cold water for 12-24 hours and you’re ready to enjoy! No need for special equipment, say goodbye to messy brewing processes and hello to convenience
Bullet Point 3: Saves time: Grady’s brews while you snooze, your delicious concentrate will stay fresh for two weeks in the fridge. No need to wait in coffee shop lines, just pour and enjoy
Bullet Point 4: Super versatile: Strong enough to taste great anyway you like it. Just dilute with water, your milk of choice, or almost anything you can imagine to make your perfect drink. Blend, Bake, or Spike too!
Bullet Point 5: Unbeatable value: Around $1 per drink. You’d spend at least $5 at the coffeeshop for the same quality and flavor
Product Description: Grady's Cold Brew Bean Bags are a B.I.Y. (Brew It Yourself) kit that lets anyone make cold-brewed iced coffee fresh at home. The Bean Bags—literally, bags with ground coffee beans, chicory, and spices—soak overnight in water and can be easily disposed of (or composted) the next day. Super-easy. No special equipment required. One part Grady’s + one part milk (or water for black coffee) = total perfection. Feeling adventurous? Keep your brewed concentrate in the fridge for up to a week and pour a cup whenever you want. All of Grady's products are all-natural, sugar-free, vegan, low calorie, non-GMO, and gluten-free. One Bundle contains (4) 2oz Bean Bags. Each bag brews (3) servings of concentrate. The brewed concentrate must be refrigerated and stays good for up to a week. Our decaf cold brew contains 3.4mg of caffeine per serving. Made in New York City.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71BWJcm7FXL.jpg,34.925
188740,"Item Name: Crystal Light On The Go Raspberry Lemonade Drink Mix, 10-Packet Box (Pack of 50)
Bullet Point 1: Each Box Contains 10 Individual Packets That You Mix with Up to 16.9 Fluid Ounces (500 ml) of Water
Bullet Point 2: Sugar Free, Each 8 Oounce (237 ml) Serving Contains 5 Calories
Bullet Point 3: Low in Sodium and Caffeine Free
Bullet Point 4: Gluten Free and Kosher
Bullet Point 5: Crystal Light On The Go has 90% Fewer Calories Than Leading Beverages
Product Description: Crystal Light On The Go turns the water you need into the water you will love. It transforms ordinary water with fabulous fruit flavors and tantalizing teas. Each sip is the perfect way to refresh, renew and satisfy your thirst for something different.
Value: 50.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91wKwXmnXSL.jpg,2.99
216435,"Item Name: Beulah's Christmas Candy Corn, 1 Pound Package, 240 Pieces of Candy
Bullet Point 1: Red, Green, and White
Bullet Point 2: Festive and Sweet
Bullet Point 3: Candy Corn for Christmas
Product Description: Traditional Flavor of Christmas Candy Corn: Each piece captures the familiar sweetness of candy corn, with a festive twist. The combination of white, red, and green colors adds a merry touch. You can buy these candies at Beulah’s Candyland.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71G2sLy8wDL.jpg,20.79
147811,"Item Name: Zabaglione Strawberry Pu-erh Tea (50 tea bags, ZIN: 535909) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Zabaglione Strawberry Pu-erh Tea is a terrific flavored Pu-erh tea with Dried Strawberries and Strawberry Leaf that you can enjoy again and again! You will really enjoy the special Zabaglione Strawberry aroma and taste! - Ingredients: Pu-erh tea, Dried Strawberries, Strawberry Leaf and Natural Zabaglione Strawberry Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 50 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Pu-erh Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Zabaglione Strawberry Pu-erh Tea is a terrific flavored Pu-erh tea with Dried Strawberries and Strawberry Leaf that you can enjoy again and again! You will really enjoy the special Zabaglione Strawberry aroma and taste! - Ingredients: Pu-erh tea, Dried Strawberries, Strawberry Leaf and Natural Zabaglione Strawberry Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maint
Value: 150.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81G3xAaGX1L.jpg,57.7
48188,"Item Name: Haldiram's plain bhujia 35.30 oz
Product Description: Mild Spicy tepary beans floor noodles
Value: 35.3
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61Ua-AhcAsL.jpg,24.99
260170,"Item Name: Food to Live - Blanched Whole Almonds, 2 Pounds — Raw, Skinless, Unsalted, Keto, Vegan, Kosher, Bulk. High in Protein, Fiber, Vitamin E, Riboflavin.
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ MILD DELICIOUS TASTE: Whole Blanched Almonds creamy and nutty, without a trace of bitterness, thats usually hidden in the skin.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️ MINIMALLY PROCESSED: Blanching removes very little in terms of nutritional value, so peeled almonds are just as good for you.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️ PROTEIN AND FIBER: Almonds are a naturally good source of fiber and protein, as well as some vitamins and iron.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️ INGREDIENT FOR SWEET AND SAVORY DISHES: Whole blanched almonds are versatile as a cooking ingredient and will taste great in both salads and desserts.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️ HOMEMADE ALMOND BUTTER & MILK: Use blanched almonds to make delicious and creamy nut milk and butter.
Product Description: <p>Food to Live Whole Blanched Almonds make a great snack. You can eat them raw or roast them to bring out their rich, nutty flavor. Blanched almonds look great when added to salads or baked goods. They can also be ground into paste or flour. Buying blanched almonds will save you time as you won’t have to soak the nuts and peel off the skins on your own. </p> <p>This product is processed in a facility that also processes wheat. </p> <p>WARNING: Contains Tree Nuts! </p>
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51O66fn0twL.jpg,17.634999999999998
24701,"Item Name: Lavazza Gran Riserva Filtro Ground Coffee Dark Roast 8oz Brick
Product Description: Gran Riserva Filtro Dark Roast Ground Coffee By Lavazza - 8 oz Coffee - NEW - -
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41inyENsVFL.jpg,10.49
65474,"Item Name: Sapsquatch Organic Maple Sugar (4 Pounds)
Bullet Point 1: Certified Organic Maple Sugar
Bullet Point 2: Made completely from organic Grade-A maple syrup
Bullet Point 3: No chemicals, preservatives, artificial flavors, colors, or other additives
Product Description: Sapsquatch Organic Maple Sugar is family produced in Northwest Pennsylvania, sustainably harvested from hardwood forests. We pride ourselves on making the best sugar possible, and are confident you'll enjoy eating it as much as we enjoy making it! Use it on sweets, meats, and breakfast treats. Made from 100% Grade A Maple Syrup. Note - All maple sugar has a consistency similar to brown sugar. Small soft lumps may appear, simply apply light pressure and they should crumble. This is due to a small amount of required residual moisture, over dried maple sugar forms hard clump and should be avoided.
Value: 64.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Il62HfpaL.jpg,63.99
151954,"Item Name: Bonne Maman Assorted Mini Jams - Strawberry, Apricot, Raspberry, Orange Marmalade, Cherry - 8.82 ounces total
Bullet Point 1: Bonne Maman Mini Jams Variety Pack
Bullet Point 2: Strawberry, Apricot, Raspberry, Marmalade, Cherry
Bullet Point 3: Product of France
Product Description: Assorted jams from france.
Value: 8.82
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41KzFOBS1qL.jpg,11.46
25549,"Item Name: V8 Juice, 11.5-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 24)
Bullet Point 1: Pack of twenty four, 11.5-Ounce can
Bullet Point 2: 2 full servings of vegetables per can
Bullet Point 3: 100% vegetable juice from concentrate with added ingredients
Bullet Point 4: Its very nutritious and vitamin rich food
Value: 276.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61+hWhoJ-jL.jpg,12.795000000000002
210101,"Item Name: Built Bar, Puff Protein Bars, Cookies 'N Cream Puff, 17g Protein Snacks, On-The-Go Bars, Only 140 Calories, 7g Sugar, Collagen, Not Gluten Free, 12 Count
Bullet Point 1: PROTEIN PACKED: Built Puffs bring 15g of vital protein, making it one of the best protein bars supporting your workout. Enjoy protein bars for all-day energy
Bullet Point 2: DELICIOUS FLAVOR PROFILE: Savor the flavor of these Built Puff protein bars, a delightful treat among protein snacks and great snacks for adults
Bullet Point 3: GUILT-FREE PROTEIN SNACKS: With only 140 calories & 7g Sugar, Built Bar Puffs stand out as a low calorie and low sugar snacks when compared to other snack options like candy bars. Enjoy these without sacrificing on taste or goals.
Bullet Point 4: IDEAL FOR ON-THE-GO: Easy to add these amazing sports nutrition protein bars to your busy routine. These bulk protein bars are great, better for you snacks for on-the-go lifestyles. Great choice of protein snacks for healthy adults.
Bullet Point 5: SMOOTH TASTE: Built Puff protein packed snacks are designed to have a smooth taste without a chalky aftertaste
Product Description: These Built Puff protein bars offer the ideal blend of a light, fluffy texture and rich chocolate, making them great for anyone seeking healthy protein bars. Each bar is carefully crafted with low sugar content, yet packs a punch with ample protein to help keep you energized throughout the day. Our low carb protein bars are great for adhering to your lifestyle without skimping on taste. These protein bars are not only a treat for your taste buds but also a great source of nutrition, making them a great choice for high protein snacks or meal replacement bars. Available in convenient protein bars bulk packs, they are designed to keep you stocked up. This snack bar has the vital protein and pure nutrients that will help increase your energy. Great for a meal replacement or a quick snack after bulking up from lifting barebells at the gym. Each bite delivers a satisfying taste while meeting your dietary goals. Set aside your quest for a healthier option, our bars provide a clean, nutritious alternative with proteins that help boost your energy levels.
Value: 16.92
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81pvk48QNvL.jpg,29.99
22348,"Item Name: Reggae Spice Jamaican Jerk Marinade | 60-Second Authentic Wet Rub Seasoning Sauce for Cooking Meats | Gluten Free, Vegan, and Keto Friendly | Sweet or Spicy Flavor Wet Paste (Hot & Spicy)
Bullet Point 1: 60 SECOND INSTANT MARINADE - No more waiting hours and hours to start cooking. Reggae Spice freshly prepared marinades are ready-to-use straight from the jar. No need to let it sit! Simply apply, cook, and slap your tastebuds!
Bullet Point 2: 100% AUTHENTIC FLAVOR - We have taken years to perfect our authentic Jerk Seasoning and Marinades. Reggae Spice wet marinades are the perfect blend of spices to create the most authentic and traditional jerk flavor. Yeah mon it dat good!
Bullet Point 3: GLUTEN FREE, SUGAR FREE, & KETO FRIENDLY - At Reggae Spice, we strive to give you the most authentic jerk cooking-tasting experience. Our spices and marinades are Keto-friendly, vegan, gluten-free, and contain zero sugar so that you can eat with confidence.
Bullet Point 4: PREPARES 40 LBS - One Jar of Hot and Spicy will prep up to 40 lbs of chicken, beef, pork, fish, seafood, vegetables and much more! We recommend applying 2 teaspoons of hot and spicy marinade per pound of food.
Bullet Point 5: SATISFACTION GUARANTEE - We take pride in the quality and authenticity of our jerk seasoning and marinades, and we feel confident that after your first bite, you will too. Contact us directly if you are unsatisfied with your order and we will make it right!
Product Description: 60 SECOND INSTANT MARINADE - No more waiting hours and hours to start cooking. Reggae Spice freshly prepared marinades are ready-to-use straight from the jar. No need to let it sit! Simply apply, cook, and slap your tastebuds!
Value: 11.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81LxhZ5N53L.jpg,17.49
69365,"Item Name: Absolutely Gluten Free Original Crackers, 4.4oz (12 Pack) | Grain Free Crackers | Dairy Free | No Soy, Corn or Rice
Bullet Point 1: WHOLESOME & DELICIOUS – Our grain free crackers are made from simple, wholesome ingredients such as tapioca, potatoes, and eggs to bring you a wonderfully delicious gluten free snacking alternative. We believe healthier snacking should be irresistible too!
Bullet Point 2: ALLERGY FRIENDLY – Absolutely Gluten Free Crackers are a fantastic choice for those with dietary restrictions, whether you’re looking for soy free, corn free, gluten free or grain free crackers, you have just hit the jackpot!
Bullet Point 3: CRISPY TEXTURE - Each bite of our crackers delivers a satisfying crunch, making them a delightful snack option. Whether enjoyed on their own, paired with your favorite dips and spreads, or used as a base for creative appetizers, these crackers provide the perfect bite.
Bullet Point 4: VERSATILE - Absolutely Gluten Free Crackers boast a delicious taste that complements a wide range of flavors. Their subtle yet distinct flavor profile allows them to be paired effortlessly with cheeses, hummus, dips, meats, or even enjoyed straight from the box.
Bullet Point 5: CERTIFIED - Absolutely Gluten Free Crackers are certified Kosher for year round use including Passover.
Product Description: We start with all-natural, wholesome ingredients such as tapioca potatoes and eggs. For taste we blend in honey, salt and vinegar. Our delicious Gluten Free Crackers are crispy and irresistible. They're uniquely made from potatoes instead of soy, corn or rice and they're Absolutely, positively 100% Gluten Free! Absolutely Gluten Free is one of the fastest growing brands in the Gluten Free Cracker industry. It really tastes even better than the Real Deal. Try it and you will be glad you did!
Value: 4.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81jG++RkY5S.jpg,79.99
43008,"Item Name: Colombina Jumbo Spearmint Balls, Individually Wrapped Natural Spearmint Flavored Candy, Ideal for Halloween and Christmas, 2.4 lbs (120 Count)
Bullet Point 1: Bulk Candy Bounty: Treat yourself with a 38.1-ounce bag filled with 120 individually wrapped, naturally flavored spearmint hard candies. Unwrap each mint to savor a pop of authentic minty goodness that invigorates your senses.
Bullet Point 2: Deliciously Tempting: Indulge in the slow, refreshing flavor sensation of our premium spearmint hard candies, expertly crafted from natural ingredients. Ideal for satisfying post-meal cravings, impressing restaurant customers, and delighting office colleagues, these mints are a perfect treat for any occasion.
Bullet Point 3: Celebrate Every Occasion: Embrace every moment with our hard candies infused with pure spearmint oil! From birthdays to weddings, these mints are guaranteed to leave a lasting impression. A must-have for moments that call for refreshment.
Bullet Point 4: Individually Wrapped: Conveniently pocket-sized, stash these mints in your bag, car, or pocket for a quick burst of natural spearmint flavor whenever you need it.
Bullet Point 5: Guilt-free Pleasures: Experience a guilt-free treat with our low-calorie, trans fat-free peppermint mints made from natural flavors and real sugar cane. Prepare for a refreshing taste adventure that satisfies your sweet cravings without the guilt.
Product Description: Introducing Colombina Jumbo Spearmint Balls – the perfect sweet and refreshing treat that will make each day truly memorable. Crafted by Colombina, a company with over 95 years of heritage and ranked as the seventh most sustainable food company by S&P Global, our spearmint balls are a delightful fusion of vibrant design and exceptional taste. Made with high-quality ingredients, each piece promises a burst of authentic spearmint flavor that's truly unforgettable. Whether you desire a breath-freshening indulgence or a satisfyingly sweet treat, our mint balls are the ideal choice. Not only perfect for personal enjoyment, they also make a lasting impression when shared with customers or used as party favors, gifts, and more. And don't forget, we offer a fantastic assortment of mints, including soft and spearmint varieties, adored by all. Elevate your candy experience with Colombina – indulge in the best today!
Value: 38.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51HTTokBpIL.jpg,11.1
182264,"Item Name: Kasugai Grape Gummy Candy 3.77oz (9 Pack)
Value: 9.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/A1lZodk3SPL.jpg,7.99
117130,"Item Name: Voortman Bakery Vanilla Wafers, Mega Size, 5.17 oz, Case of 9
Value: 46.53
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81+AZJLwPJL.jpg,26.13
236193,"Item Name: Mantova Extra Virgin Olive Oil Spray, Cholesterol Free, 8.5 Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Bullet Point: Mantova Extra Virgin Olive Oil Spray, Cholesterol Free, 8.5 Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Value: 51.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41uK5CyFTGL.jpg,42.495
202733,"Item Name: 5 Costa Rican Vanilla Beans Whole Grade A Vanilla Pods for Homemade Vanilla Extract, Baking, Ice Cream, Flavoring, & Vanilla Powder
Bullet Point 1: Fresh Gourmet Costa Rican Vanilla Beans from Late 2024 - 2025 Crop Suistainably Sourced From Costa Rican Farmers at Fair Market Prices
Bullet Point 2: Length is ~ 6 - 8 Inches (Approximately 15 - 20 cm) with an average moisture content of 28% - 33% meaning these beans are soft, semi-pliable, and filled with millions of tiny vanilla seeds.
Bullet Point 3: Uses: Vanilla beans can be used in a variety of recipes as flavoring or ingredients and other uses such as homemade vanilla extract, baking, cooking, and brewing
Bullet Point 4: Costa Rican Vanilla Beans have a Smooth and Sublte Buttery Vanilla Aroma that Adds a Complex and Rich Flavor
Bullet Point 5: Our triple inspection process ensures only the highest quality beans are sent out by checking the size, smell, aroma, and appearance before packaging in our commercial vacuum sealers.
Product Description: Vanilla beans originated in Mexico and are sun cured for months using the traditional Bourbon drying method. They are now found all over the world from places like Madagascar to Indonesia to Papa New Guinea PNG farms. The scent consists of a heavenly buttery aroma with a rich, black or dark brown color and a very oily outside surface. The interior of the bean is where the magic is at and consists of millions of black, tiny vanilla seeds that are waiting to be scraped out. Our beans are traditionally cured to develop the full, complex vanilla flavor made of over 200 organic compounds and artificial vanilla (vanillin) cannot properly replicate the complexity of natural vanilla. The entire process takes anywhere from 6 to 9 months after pollination and our farmers have turned vanilla processing and curing into an art. This region remains the industry quality benchmark for producing vanilla planifolia with high vanillin content. <br><br>There are so many recipes that can be created with vanilla beans! Desserts such as vanilla bean ice cream, creme brulee, cup cakes, or cookies can be created with these magical beans. Homemade KAHLUA or Vanilla Extract is also a very popular gift & can be made using a simple vodka infusion method! Bonus points for using the spent vanilla beans after the extract making process for creating vanilla sugar!<br><br>Our beans are triple inspected throughout their journey. First, they are inspected by our farmers who have hundreds of years of experience. The second inspection is before bulk storage for transport. The final inspection is done at our warehouse moments before packing your shipment where we check the smell, quality, and appearance.
Value: 5.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71aQDJISHjL.jpg,29.99
35395,"Item Name: Campbell's Chicken and Stars Soup, 10.5-Ounce (Pack of 8)
Bullet Point: Campbell's Chicken and Stars Soup, 10.5-Ounce
Value: 84.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71T5J1upYnL.jpg,1.755
66928,"Item Name: McVities Milk Chocolate Digestives Roll 266g (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Perfect balance of sweet and savory: The buttery biscuit and sweet milk chocolate complement each other perfectly, creating a delicious and satisfying snack.
Bullet Point 2: High-quality ingredients: Made with simple, wholesome ingredients, these biscuits are a treat you can feel good about.
Value: 4.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/21DflYyJ4PL.jpg,24.01
201717,"Item Name: You Need This Sea Salt Almond Flour Crackers, 99 GR
Value: 3.49
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71oJkztHZFL.jpg,19.725
239169,"Item Name: Food to Live Raw Sunflower Seeds in Shell, 1 Pound – Fresh, Crunchy and Nutty Snack for on-the-go, Preservative-free, Great Source of Protein, Fiber, Minerals & Vitamins. Whole Unhulled Seeds.
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ PREMIUM QUALITY, RAW, VEGAN, UNSALTED: These Sunflower Seeds by Food to Live are of Premium Quality, Raw, Unsalted, suitable for Vegans, and are free of cholesterol.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️ HIGHLY NUTRITIOUS, PLANT PROTEIN SOURCE: Raw Sunflower Seeds in Shell are a great source of plant protein, dietary fiber, “good” fats, potent antioxidants, Vitamins B6, B9, and E, Zinc, Magnesium, Iron, Manganese, Copper, and Selenium.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️ GREAT SNACK & POTATO CHIPS SUBSTITUTE: Unhulled Sunflower Seeds make a perfect snack for a movie night, hike, long road trip, or picnic. They are also an excellent substitute for high-sodium potato chips.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️ CAN BE ROASTED AT HOME: Roast these Sunflower Seeds in Shell at home and decide how much salt to add or experiment with a variety of spices for a unique flavor.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️ AVAILABLE IN BULK: At Food to Live you can get budget-friendly bulk packs of Sunflower Seeds in Shell and you will always have a wholesome snack in your pantry.
Product Description: We are pleased to present Food to Live’s Premium Quality, Vegan, Unsalted, 100% Raw Sunflower Seeds in Shell. These Seeds are the fruits of large sun-loving flowers that are native to North America but are now grown around the globe. The Nutritional Profile of Unsalted Sunflower Seeds in Shell Wonder “Are Sunflower Seeds in Shell Good for You”? Well, let’s take a closer look at their nutritional value. Firstly, Raw Sunflower Seeds are a decent source of plant protein and dietary fiber. Second, they are rich in “good” fats and antioxidants such as phenolic acids and flavonoids. Further, Raw Sunflower Seeds in Shell contain Vitamins B6, B9, and E, Zinc, Magnesium, Iron, Manganese, Copper, and Selenium. So, the answer is yes! Due to a comparatively high content of calories Sunflower Seeds in Shell will quickly elevate your energy levels, which makes them an excellent wholesome snack. Are Sunflower Seeds in Shell Keto-friendly? Yes, these seeds can be a part of both Keto and Paleo diets. Do you have to Shell Sunflower Seeds? Some People raise a logical question: “Can you eat Shell Sunflower Seeds?”. The answer is no. It is not recommended to eat the shells of Sunflower Seeds since they are very hard. How to eat Sunflower Seeds in Shell? Raw Sunflower Seeds taste nutty and somewhat earthy, however, you need to crack them with your fingers first, to enjoy the flavor. Raw Sunflower Seeds in Shell are an amazing choice if you want to cut down on high-sodium chips. Munch on these Seeds during a movie night, on a picnic, hike, or just on the go. Moreover, you can make Roasted Salted Sunflower Seeds in shell. Storage Tips Both Raw and Roasted Sunflower Seeds in Shell should be stored in a tightly sealed food-grade container in a cool dry place away from direct sunlight. If you want to store bulk Raw Sunflower Seeds in shell long-term, you may put them in a freezer.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51N41+gflhL.jpg,15.74
191671,"Item Name: B.G. REYNOLDS Passion Fruit Syrup, 375 ml
Bullet Point 1: No preservatives. No high-fructose corn syrup. Gluten-free
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Length: 11.938cm
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Width: 12.7cm
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Height: 40.64cm
Value: 12.6803
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51sRS1yab4L.jpg,16.99
240701,"Item Name: Kirkland Signature Organic Coconut Water, 33.8 Fluid Ounce (Pack of 9)
Bullet Point 1: No sugar added
Bullet Point 2: Not from concentrate
Product Description: Organic coconut water.
Value: 304.2
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71BaFLagIRL.jpg,33.56
172422,"Item Name: Cosmo's - Lupini Beans, (1)- 32 oz. Jar
Bullet Point 1: Ready to Eat Lupini Beans
Bullet Point 2: Pinch Off Skin & Eat
Bullet Point 3: Try Adding Extra Virgin Olive Oil After Rinsing, Season to Taste
Bullet Point 4: Excellent Italian Brand
Bullet Point 5: (1)- 32 oz. Jar
Product Description: Product of Italy. Pack of 1. Ready To Eat Lupini Beans. Antipasto Specialties Good Use For Salads. Serving Size (130g) Servings Per Container About 5. Ingredients: Lupini Beans, Water, Salt, Citric Acid, 1/10 Of 1% Benzoate Of Soda.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61EKiD9ZOcL.jpg,16.99
166878,"Item Name: Asturi Classico Bruschettini - Virgin Olive Oil (Snack Size Italian Bruschetta Toasts), Buy TWELVE Bags and SAVE, Each Bag is 4.23 oz (Pack of 12)
Product Description: A little bite of Italy! These Bruschettini are snack size Italian bruschetta baked with unbleached flour, the highest quality extra virgin olive oil and a sprinkle of sea salt. They make a delicious snack all by themselves, or topped with almost anything. A great appetizer for any occasion or use with soups or salads. Kosher. All Natural. Baked In Italy.
Value: 50.76
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41B0pTqi8gL.jpg,4.99
31920,"Item Name: HERSHEY'S Milk Chocolate Drops, 8 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Bite size drops of genuine chocolate happiness
Bullet Point 2: Perfect for snacking and movie watching
Bullet Point 3: Milk chocolate candy drops
Bullet Point 4: Kosher chocolate in re sealable pouches
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/617LyMgoMJL.jpg,14.61
247546,"Item Name: Lip-Shaped Lollipops - 2 Pound Bulk Pack (About 90 Count) - Cotton Candy Flavor - Blue and Pink Pops
Bullet Point 1: Lip-Shaped Pops Valentine's Day Candy; 2-pound bulk pack; approximately 90 individually wrapped pieces per order
Bullet Point 2: Embrace the whimsy of love with our charming lollipops that combine the sweetness of cotton candy flavor with the enchanting allure of pink and blue hues
Bullet Point 3: These delightful lollipops are not just a treat for the taste buds; they're a playful expression of affection, perfect for spreading joy on the most romantic day of the year
Bullet Point 4: Adding an extra touch of sentiment, these Lips Lollipops feature a special ""From To"" inscription; personalize your sweet gesture by writing a message directly on the lollipop, creating a unique and heartwarming token of affection
Bullet Point 5: Whether you're gifting to a significant other, a cherished friend, or family member, this candy adds a layer of personal connection to your Valentine's Day celebration
Product Description: This 2-pound bag is packed with 90 blue and pink cotton candy-flavored Lip Lollipops
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91Z0tMJ+swL.jpg,17.99
7411,"Item Name: Expect MoreGlory Foods Seasoned Southern Style Collard Greens 27.0 oz pack of 6
Product Description: Glory Foods Seasoned Southern Style Collard Greens are among the healthiest and most flavorful vegetables on the market. Rich in health-promoting nutrients, these tender greens are well balanced and seasoned to perfection. They're pre-cooked and offer a smart solution to enjoying classic Southern style collards. Their convenient canning eliminates the tiresome washing and pre-soaking needed for fresh greens and allows for delicious-tasting greens without hours of cooking. Simply warm up these 27 oz glory collard greens in the microwave or on the stovetop and enjoy a tasty, traditional side item that coordinates well with both starches and a variety of meats and proteins.
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51ONwzf+BIL.jpg,2.5999999999999996
218503,"Item Name: Wellsley Farms Coarse Kosher Salt. 3 Pounds. Passover Approved. From the Salt Caves in Italy. Natural Sicilian Rock Salt. (3 lb Box with Pop Out Pour.)
Bullet Point 1: Origin: Wellsley Farms Kosher Salt is produced on the island of Sicily, Italy, formed over 6 million years ago.
Bullet Point 2: Source: Mined in the historic Realmonte salt caves, also known as the ""cathedrals of salt.""
Bullet Point 3: Rich Composition: Derived from volcanic soil, renowned for its high mineral content.
Bullet Point 4: Kitchen Use: Ideal for seasoning meals, vegetables, pasta, soups, and sauces.
Bullet Point 5: Quality: A premium salt with a rich heritage and exceptional flavor.
Product Description: Wellsley Farms Kosher salt is produced in Italy on the island of Sicily, a land formed more than 6 Million years ago. The salt is mined in the Realmonte salt caves called the cathedrals of salt, known for centuries for its volcanic soil rich in minerals. Our salt is perfect for seasoning meals, vegetables, pasta, soup, and sauces.
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81DBENbjUQL.jpg,7.465
86106,"Item Name: Rugby Polacrilex 4 mg Nicotine Gum - Smoking and Vaping Quitting Aid - Sugar-Free - Coated Mint Flavor - 100 Count
Bullet Point 1: NICOTINE CESSATION GUM: If you are struggling with quitting smoking or vaping, Rugby mint-flavored nicotine polacrilex gum helps reduce withdrawal symptoms, including nicotine craving.
Bullet Point 2: CRAVING RELIEF: This pack of nicotine gum contains 100 pieces of 4 mg nicotine polacrilex (nicotine). If you smoke your first cigarette within 30 minutes of waking up, use 4 mg nicotine gum according to the suggested 12 week schedule. If you experience strong or frequent cravings, you may use a second piece within the hour. Do not use more than 24 pieces a day.
Bullet Point 3: HOW TO USE: Chew the gum slowly until it tingles. Then, park it between your cheek and gum. When the tingle is gone, begin chewing again, until the tingle returns.
Bullet Point 4: 12-WEEK PROGRAM: Following a 12-week schedule, have one piece of gum every one to two hours for weeks one through six. For weeks seven to nine, have one piece every two to four hours. Finally, for weeks ten to twelve, have one piece every four to eight hours.
Bullet Point 5: RUGBY LABORATORIES: At Rugby Laboratories, we believe wellness should be accessible to everyone. We pride ourselves on our legacy of delivering quality OTC and vitamin supplements.
Product Description: Rugby Nicotine Gum is a 4 mg stop smoking aid for those who smoke their first cigarette within thirty minutes of waking up. Do not eat or drink for 15 minutes before chewing the nicotine gum, or while chewing a piece. To improve your chances of quitting, use at least 9 pieces per day for the first 6 weeks. Do not use more than 24 pieces a day.
Value: 110.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Cw3PvdixL.jpg,32.49
115306,"Item Name: 6 PIECES CHAPIS HOJA DE AGUACATE NATURAL HERBS HIERBAS Net Wt. 3/8oz (10.6g)
Bullet Point 1: NATURALMENTE
Bullet Point 2: 100% NATURAL
Bullet Point 3: HERBS FROM MEXICO
Product Description: How to use: To prepare as a tea, pour 8 fl. oz. boiling water over 1-2 teaspoons of herb. Cover and steep for 5-10 minutes, strain and serve immediately. Precautions: If you are pregnant, nursing or taking any medications, consult your doctor before use. Precauciones: Si está embarazada, amamantando o tomando algún medicamento, consulte a su médico antes de usarlo.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/810fmaPLtaL.jpg,14.99
182492,"Item Name: Walden Farms Caramel Syrup, 12 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Fat and Sugar Free
Bullet Point 2: Calorie Free
Bullet Point 3: Carbohydrate Free
Bullet Point 4: Cholesterol Free
Bullet Point 5: Gluten Free
Value: 12.0
Unit: Fluid Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41XBw1XRhwL.jpg,4.890000000000001
202254,"Item Name: Tory Burch Coco Ginger Shortbread Sandal 9, Pink
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51+O3wtQdOL.jpg,298.0
164888,"Item Name: purely elizabeth Ancient Grain Granola Certified Glutenfree Vegan NonGMO Coconut Sugar Delicious Healthy Snack , Blueberry Hemp, 12 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: NUTRIENT-DENSE INGREDIENTS: Made with nutrient-packed quinoa, amaranth, and chia seeds for a light & crunchy snack you can feel good about! Sprinkle over a smoothie, bake into a summer crisp, or eat straight out of the bag, we promise you won’t be able to stop at one bite.
Bullet Point 2: LIGHTLY SWEETENED WITH COCONUT SUGAR: Ancient Grain Granola is prepared with unrefined coconut sugar, a low-glycemic sweetener that won’t make you sluggish as the day goes on.
Bullet Point 3: CERTIFIED GLUTEN FREE, VEGAN & NON-GMO: Made with clean and simple ingredients that are free from additives and genetically modified organisms.
Bullet Point 4: BAKED WITH COCONUT OIL: We bake our granola with coconut oil, a better for you fat that gets used as energy rather than being stored as fat in the body.
Bullet Point 5: QUICK AND HEALTHY: When you eat better, you feel better. It’s that simple. That's why Purely Elizabeth uses superfoods with vibrant flavors and rich textures to create delicious foods to help you thrive on your wellness journey.
Value: 12.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41oKK+HIEwL.jpg,7.99
7984,"Item Name: Swedish Fish Tails 2 Flavors in 1
Bullet Point 1: Swedish Fish Tails doubled up on goodness with two delicious flavors in one gummy candy
Bullet Point 2: Bite in half to enjoy individual flavors, or eat the entire piece for a new fun filled delicious flavor combination
Bullet Point 3: Pair with Sour Patch Kids for the ultimate candy duo
Bullet Point 4: Mix up your favorite gummy candy with Swedish Fish Tails
Bullet Point 5: Includes one 4 ounce bag
Product Description: When The Fish traced their heritage, they found that their roots go back to Sweden circa 1950. Being of Scandinavian descent, they are of course the epitome of candy awesomeness as well as being among the coolest Fish in the sea. They never scale back on fun, and are always up for a flipping good time. Oh, and did we mention they love fish puns? Lots of fish puns. For reel.
Value: 4.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/515bYkjRmbL.jpg,1.24
3294,"Item Name: Mariani, Mediterranean Apricots (Pack of 24)
Product Description: Delicately sweet in flavor, Mariani Mediterranean Apricots contain a bounty of nourishing benefits. Every serving of these tender treats is a good source of the antioxidants vitamin A and E as well as potassium-a mineral known to promote good bone health. Live well and enjoy.
Value: 24.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/517wW8CJHiL.jpg,213.26
181347,"Item Name: Banana Boat Sunscreen Ultra Mist Dry Oil Broad Spectrum Sun Care Sunscreen Spray - SPF 8, 6 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Clear, rub-free and quick drying
Bullet Point 2: Non-greasy continuous clear spray
Bullet Point 3: Original banana coconut rum fragrance
Bullet Point 4: This item is not for sale in Catalina Island
Bullet Point 5: This item is not for sale in Catalina Island
Value: 6.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71fXK3exxxL.jpg,11.135
159362,"Item Name: Kirkland Signature 100% Colombian Dark Roast Decaffeinated Ground Coffee - 1.36kg
Bullet Point: Kirkland Signature 100% Colombian dark roast decaffeinated ground coffee - 1.36Kg
Value: 47.97
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61lBNLyGfIL.jpg,33.29
273689,"Item Name: Coombs Family Farms Organic Pure Maple Sugar - 6 Oz
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41D++Loo75L.jpg,21.36
51564,"Item Name: Taza Chocolate Organic Stone Ground 80% Dark Bark Snacking Thins, Variety Pack, 4.2 Oz
Bullet Point 1: Contains 4; 4.2oz pouches of Dark Bark Snacking Thins: 1 each of Sea Salt Almond, Toasted Coconut, Pumpkin Seed, and Coconut Almond
Bullet Point 2: Certified USDA Organic, Non-GMO, Kosher Certified, and Direct Trade to ensure quality and transparency for all
Bullet Point 3: All-Natural, Gluten-Free, Dairy-Free, Soy-Free, and Vegan
Bullet Point 4: We make our perfectly unrefined, stone ground chocolate from bean to bar at our Somerville, MA chocolate factory using traditional Mexican stone mills to grind our cacao
Bullet Point 5: A delicious anytime snack that pairs minimally processed dark chocolate with protein-packed nuts or energizing espresso beans
Value: 16.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81qSVsQ+szS.jpg,45.27
81259,"Item Name: Chex Gluten Free Rice Chex Cereal, 12 Ounce -- 10 per case.
Bullet Point 1: Gluten-Free Chex Rice Chex Cereal
Bullet Point 2: Package size of 12.0 oz
Bullet Point 3: Unit Price of $4.72
Bullet Point 4: Breakfast, snack time or anytime. Gluten Free.
Product Description: Enjoy sweetened oven toasted gluten free rice cereal whether you're serious about your snacks or simply looking for a better breakfast, Chex is here for you. Made without artificial flavors, colors or high fructose corn syrup so you can always feel good about pouring yourself another bowl, grabbing a handful out of the box or mixing more Chex into your favorite party mix.
Value: 120.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/817-8iLd0UL.jpg,5.49
131791,"Item Name: Jack Link’s Beef Strips, Original, 1 Count – Great Protein Bar, Meat Bar with 8g of Protein and 70 Calories, Gluten Free, No added MSG or Nitrates/Nitrites
Bullet Point 1: GOOD SOURCE OF PROTEIN – With 8g of protein and 70 calories per serving, Jack Link’s Beef Strips are the protein bar you need to help you power through your day.
Bullet Point 2: MADE WITH 100% PREMIUM BEEF – Made with lean cuts of 100% premium beef, each beef bar has no added MSG, nitrates or nitrites. And, it’s gluten free.
Bullet Point 3: FULL OF FLAVOR – Leveraging generations of jerky making expertise, each Jack Link’s Original Beef Strip is crafted with our signature blend of Original spices. It’s slow cooked over hardwood smoke for a classic jerky taste and easy-to-chew texture.
Bullet Point 4: PORTABLE – Instead of throwing a granola bar in your lunchbox or a protein bar in your workout bag, go back to the basics – meat! Portable, bar-sized beef strips packed with savory flavor is a great way to mix up your snacking routine.
Bullet Point 5: CONTAINS: One 0.9 oz Original Beef Strip. Pack in lunches, bring to work for powering through the mid-morning munchies and keep them at home for a delicious snack.
Value: 0.9
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/412D0TcLPpL.jpg,2.29
228657,"Item Name: Amoretti - Cola Extract Water Soluble 2 oz - Highly Concentrated & Perfect For Pastry, Savory, Brewing, and more, Preservative Free, Vegan, Kosher Pareve, Keto Friendly
Bullet Point 1: INCREDIBLE VERSATILITY: Our extracts are ideal for flavoring cakes, cookies, buttercreams, frostings, macarons, brewing, distilling and so much more.
Bullet Point 2: SPECIFICATIONS: Highly concentrated, no preservatives, no artificial colors, gluten-free, vegan Kosher Pareve, keto-friendly, bake-proof, and freeze-thaw stable.
Bullet Point 3: HIGHEST QUALITY: We use only the finest and freshest ingredients to deliver delicious natural flavors in each serving.
Bullet Point 4: Preservative-Free
Bullet Point 5: Bake-Proof & Freeze-Thaw Stable
Product Description: Sweet, Fun, FlavorfulEnhance your gourmet creations with Amoretti's Cola Water-Soluble Extract. A trusted choice among industry professionals, our extracts are naturally flavored, highly concentrated, and very versatile. Deliver the irresistible flavor of classic cola straight into all your favorite culinary applications. Empower your imagination — with Amoretti!Product Details
Value: 2.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51p9zbWbG6L.jpg,30.37
21269,"Item Name: Black Rifle Coffee Company Gunship Roast (Light Roast) Whole Bean Coffee, 12 Ounce Bag of Coffee Beans, Light Roast Coffee Beans, Light Caramel Tasting Notes and an Ultra Smooth Finish
Bullet Point: Includes: One 12 oz bag of Black Rifle Coffee Company Gunship whole light roast coffee beans
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51e5+GrYKvL.jpg,19.19
17024,"Item Name: SOUR PATCH KIDS Blue Raspberry Soft & Chewy Candy, 5 lb Bag
Bullet Point 1: One 5 lb bag of SOUR PATCH KIDS Blue Raspberry Soft & Chewy Candy
Bullet Point 2: Blue raspberry flavored candies that are SOUR. SWEET. GONE.
Bullet Point 3: Soft and chewy candies have the traditional SOUR PATCH KIDS shape for a hint of mischief
Bullet Point 4: Use this SOUR THEN SWEET candy as a party favor at baby showers, gender reveals and more
Bullet Point 5: Sealed bag keeps this fruity candy flavorful and soft
Product Description: SOUR PATCH KIDS Blue Raspberry Soft & Chewy Candy packs all the classic flavor into a mischief-filled soft candy. This Just Blue bulk candy bag gives you your favorite SOUR PATCH KIDS blue raspberry flavor all by itself. Add a little fun to your snack with the unique kid shapes that give these candies their name. Enjoy this blue raspberry candy whenever you want a SOUR THEN SWEET treat by filling a bowl with the colors of your school or favorite sports team. SOUR PATCH KIDS can also turn any occasion into a party when you use them as party favors to celebrate birthdays, weddings, graduations, holidays, and more! This bagged candy comes sealed to maintain its signature softness and SOUR THEN SWEET candy flavor.
Value: 80.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91ffySwbbqL.jpg,4.79
286405,"Item Name: Frontier Co-op Indian Black CO2 Decaf., Certified Organic, Fair Trade Certified, Kosher | 1 lb. Bulk Bag | Camellia sinensis
Bullet Point 1: Botanical Name: Camellia sinensis
Bullet Point 2: Certified Organic/ Fair Trade Certified
Bullet Point 3: 1 pound bulk bag (16 ounces)
Product Description: Smooth, less bitter decaf. Rich amber liquor with less astringent flavor than many black teas. Dont be afraid to switch from green tea to this for a nice change.<p><b>Directions:</b><p>To enjoy, pour 6 oz. simmering water (185F preferred) over one teaspoon of tea. Steep 4-5 minutes, strain and serve immediately.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51smpb4Ff9L.jpg,44.74
14079,"Item Name: Amazon Grocery, Lemonade Drink Mix, 10 packets, 1.4 Oz (Previously Happy Belly, Packaging May Vary)
Bullet Point 1: 10 packets of Lemonade Drink Mix
Bullet Point 2: Some of your favorite Happy Belly products are now part of the Amazon Grocery brand! Although packaging may vary during the transition, the ingredients and product remain the same. Thank you for your continued trust in our brands
Bullet Point 3: Sugar Free, Low Sodium
Bullet Point 4: 10 calories per serving
Bullet Point 5: Amazon Grocery has all the favorites you love for less. You’ll find everything you need for great-tasting meals in one shopping trip
Bullet Point 6: Feed your every day with Amazon Grocery
Product Description: 10 packets of Lemonade Drink Mix
Value: 1.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ew-EicxpL.jpg,2.19
129107,"Item Name: ANNIE'S HOMEGROWN, SNK PK, OG2, BNY GRM, FRD, 12, Pack of 4, Size 12/1 OZ - No Artificial Ingredients GMO Free 95%+ Organic4
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71i0F17WjAS.jpg,10.985
224077,"Item Name: Saratoga Collection Sparkling Water Peach 12.0oz 6ct Can
Bullet Point: Saratoga Collection Sparkling Water Peach 12.0oz 6ct Can
Value: 72.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51+LOcvCsqL.jpg,5.98
125263,"Item Name: Bob's Red Mill Baking Powder, 14oz (Pack of 4) - Vegan, Kosher
Bullet Point 1: YOUR KEY TO HOMEMADE PERFECTION: Bob’s Red Mill Baking Powder is a pantry essential for all your baking needs, from flaky biscuits and buttery cookies to tender muffins and moist cakes; works in two stages to ensure your baked goods rise beautifully
Bullet Point 2: CONSISTENTLY RELIABLE RESULTS: Bob’s Red Mill Baking Powder is expertly crafted to provide dependable rising power, so whether you’re whipping up a weekend pancake breakfast or a batch of fluffy cupcakes, you’ll get perfect results every time
Bullet Point 3: VERSATILE & EASY TO USE: This versatile leavening agent is essential for no-yeast recipes; ideal for biscuits, scones, pancakes, waffles, muffins, cakes, cookies and so much more
Bullet Point 4: GLUTEN FREE & VEGAN: Tested and confirmed gluten free in a dedicated gluten free facility and made without animal products; this baking powder is a safe and trusted choice for those with dietary restrictions and works wonderfully in plant-based recipes
Bullet Point 5: NO ALUMINUM ADDED: Unlike some conventional baking powders, Bob’s Red Mill Baking Powder is free from aluminum, eliminating any metallic taste, for homemade goodness in every bite
Bullet Point 6: IT STARTS WITH GOOD INGREDIENTS: A leader in natural foods since 1978, Bob’s Red Mill is committed to good ingredients made with the passion and expertise of our founder, Bob Moore; proudly 100% employee owned
Value: 56.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41YJ4P7ysQL.jpg,15.600000000000001
275308,"Item Name: Frontier Taco Salt-Free Seasoning - 2.25 oz
Bullet Point: From Frontier spices comes this very popular all natural, salt free taco seasoning. This stuff is good for you, and tastes great!
Product Description: Add instant taco flavor to meat, rice, beans and dips with this authentic blend of south-of-the-border seasonings. Start with just a pinch or two and add more to taste.
Value: 2.33
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71AqKWYEuDL.jpg,4.19
189369,"Item Name: Zatarains New Orleans Traditional Creole Seasoning - 8 Oz. (Pack of 2)
Value: 16.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Og2HjzlJL.jpg,15.955
62153,"Item Name: Rani Black Cardamom Pods (Kali Elachi) Whole Indian Spice 32oz (2lbs) 908g Bulk ~ All Natural | Vegan | Gluten Friendly | NON-GMO | Kosher | Indian Origin
Bullet Point 1: You'll LOVE our Black Cardamom Whole Pods by Rani Brand--Here's Why:
Bullet Point 2: ❤️100% Natural, Non-GMO, No Preservatives, Vegan, Gluten Friendly, PREMIUM Gourmet Food Grade Spice.
Bullet Point 3: ❤️Commonly used in Indian Biryani, Curry & Vietnamese PHO.
Bullet Point 4: ❤️Packed in a no barrier Plastic Bag, let us tell you how important that is when using high quality Indian Spices! Rani is a USA based company selling spices for over 40 years, buy with confidence!
Bullet Point 5: ❤️Net Wt. 32oz (2lbs) 908g , Product of India, Alternate Names: Elachi, Kali Elachi (Hindi), Big Cardamom
Product Description: Native to the Eastern Himalayan regions, Black Cardamom is a large brown pod containing highly aromatic seeds. Unlike green pods this cardamom is rarely used in deserts and sweet dishes. It is a staple spice used in African, Indian and Middle Eastern cooking. It has a unique smoky flavor and is used in Basmati rice and stew type dishes. Black cardamom should be used sparingly due to its intense and rich flavor.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81p3jOJwXRL.jpg,35.49
148336,"Item Name: Spiceology – Ultimate Rub Collection – 12 Gourmet Spices & Seasonings Set for Grilling, BBQ & Cooking – Perfect Spice Gift Set for Cooks, Grill Masters & Foodies – BBQ Gifts & Spice Rub Gift Set
Bullet Point 1: The Ultimate Gift for Foodies & Flavor Lovers – Whether you’re shopping for dad gifts, birthday gifts for mom, or cool gifts for friends and family, this mini-jar rub collection is your flavor-packed answer. Perfect for anyone who loves to cook, bake, grill, roast, or simply shake up their kitchen game.
Bullet Point 2: A Mini Treasure Trove of Gourmet Goodness – With 12 unique spice blends, this spice set transforms everyday cooking into a culinary adventure. From BBQ classics to global-inspired rubs, these mini jars are a passport to bold, never-before-tasted flavors.
Bullet Point 3: A Crowd-Pleaser for Every Occasion – Looking for housewarming gifts or wedding gifts? These rubs are an undeniable win for new homes, new beginnings, and new recipes. They’re also a fantastic addition to stocking stuffers or Christmas gifts.
Bullet Point 4: Unleash Your Inner Chef – Designed for everyday cooks and grillers, these rubs are as versatile as they are delicious. Use them as poultry seasoning, steak rubs, or even as popcorn seasoning. Your kitchen is officially your playground.
Bullet Point 5: A Gift That Keeps on Giving – Forget boring gift baskets — this set is a vibrant, flavorful, and unique alternative. Ideal for Mother's Day gifts, gifts for people who have everything, or as birthday gifts. Who says seasonings can’t steal the show?
Bullet Point 6: Fresh, Chef-Approved, and Ready to Impress – Created by chefs, this spices and seasonings set is ground fresh and bursting with bold flavors. A must-have for any pantry and a game-changer for anyone ready to spice things up.
Bullet Point 7: Sample Before Collecting Spiceology – these mini jars offer the perfect opportunity to sample 12 of Spiceology’s best-selling and fan favorite blends. Cooks can always buy larger jars of the blends they crave and use everyday.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71+gMGptR4L.jpg,86.99
39817,"Item Name: So Delicious Dairy-Free Organic Coconutmilk Beverage, Unsweetened, 32 Fl Oz (Pack of 6) Plant-Based Vegan Dairy Alternative, Great in Smoothies Protein Shakes or Cereal
Bullet Point 1: DELICIOUS and ORGANIC: Slide over soymilk and move over milk, So Delicious Unsweetened Coconutmilk is here This delicious beverage goes great over cereal, in coffee, mixed into recipes and poured into a tall glass. It's vegan, gluten and soy free and organic.
Bullet Point 2: THE GOOD STUFF: This smooth, creamy, tasty, dairy-free beverage blends excellently in an array of delicious drinks, from smoothies to lattes to milkshakes. You can also use it in baked goods, desserts and other dishes to create vegan, dairy-free delights
Bullet Point 3: ONLY THE FINEST INGREDIENTS: We use the highest quality ingredients and our entire line of dairy-free foods and beverages is plant-based, certified vegan, Non-GMO Project verified and cholesterol free. We use no artificial flavors, colors or hydrogenated oils
Bullet Point 4: DAIRY FREE DELIGHT: Enjoy life with So Delicious dairy-free delights for every part of your day. We offer an array of dairy-free products you can feel good about: coffee creamers, beverages, yogurt alternatives, frozen desserts, mousses and cheese shreds
Bullet Point 5: ALWAYS DAIRY FREE: So Delicious has been bringing joy to dairy-free lives for nearly 30 years. Whether you're cooking a chocolate custard or blending up a protein shake, So Delicious has a dairy free almondmilk, cashewmilk or coconutmilk product for you.
Value: 192.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51LGlUVlpfL.jpg,12.185
296273,"Item Name: Clearly Natural Soap Bar Glyc Vitamin E, 3 pack
Product Description: 3 pack glycerine soap bar vitamin e, 4 oz. ,from clearly natural
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31SD80AUXbL.jpg,6.19
3762,"Item Name: ChocoMaker ChocoDrizzler Candy Wafers, Vanilla-Flavored Bright Blue
Bullet Point 1: This vanilla flavoured compound chocolate (confectionery coating) is excellent for drizzling cookies, pretzels, cake pops, fruit, and other treats
Bullet Point 2: No tempering is required; Simply melt chocolate in its pouch in the microwave, cut off the corner of the pouch, and squeeze pouch to drizzle
Bullet Point 3: 2 ounce/56.6 gram bag; directions printed on bag
Bullet Point 4: Colour: Bright Blue; Flavour: Vanilla
Bullet Point 5: Made in USA
Product Description: This vanilla flavoured compound chocolate (confectionery coating) is excellent for drizzling cookies, pretzels, cake pops, fruit, and other treats. No tempering is required. Simply melt chocolate in its pouch in the microwave, cut off the corner of the pouch, and squeeze pouch to drizzle.<br><br>2 ounce/56.6 gram bag<br>Colour: Bright Blue; Flavour: Vanilla<br>Contains milk and soy; may contain trace amounts of peanuts due to common processing equipment<br>Directions printed on bag<br>Made in USA
Value: 2.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71uAE56EQFL.jpg,10.48
283764,"Item Name: Comvita Manuka Honey UMF 20+ (MGO 829+) - Raw Manuka Honey New Zealand, Pure & Unpasteurized, Superfood for Immune Health, Use in Tea, Wild, Monofloral, Non-GMO - 250g (8.8 oz)
Bullet Point 1: CERTIFIED UMF 20+ (MGO 829+) - Our raw, wild, unpasteurized Manuka Honey is sourced from pristine forests in New Zealand and certified by the independent UMF (Unique Manuka Factor) Honey Association
Bullet Point 2: BENEFITS - Manuka Honey contains over 2,000 unique compounds, enzymes, prebiotics, and amino acids. Valued by experts and athletes, it's the world's most researched honey for its health benefits
Bullet Point 3: WAYS TO USE - Delicious and creamy, add to tea, oatmeal, yogurt, or smoothies, or enjoy by the spoon! Great for a morning wellness ritual, pre-workout energy, or as a DIY skin brightening face mask
Bullet Point 4: THE GOLD STANDARD - Every batch is certified by the UMF Honey Association, testing for key compounds like Leptosperin, DHA, and MGO to ensure it is pure monofloral Manuka Honey from New Zealand
Bullet Point 5: PERFECTING MANUKA HONEY FOR 50 YEARS - Comvita, a pioneer in Manuka Honey since 1974, offers UMF Manuka Honey that's raw, wild, unpasteurized, and fully traceable from our 40,000 hives to your shelf
Value: 8.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71850GUqbYL.jpg,93.89
167015,"Item Name: Master of Mixes Strawberry Colada Drink Mix, Ready To Use, 1 Liter Bottle (33.8 Fl Oz), Pack of 3
Bullet Point 1: A HOME BARTENDER’S MUST-HAVE: A perfect combination of piña colada and strawberry daiquiri blended to satisfy all your taste buds. This creamy combo brings together natural tropical coconuts and fresh strawberries for the perfect flavor profile. ●FRESH FLAVOR: Creamy, rich coconut flavor balanced flawlessly with the purest strawberries. Made with 28% coconut and strawberry.
Bullet Point 2: FRESH FLAVOR: Creamy, rich coconut flavor balanced flawlessly with the purest strawberries. Made with 28% coconut and strawberry. .
Bullet Point 3: INSPIRING COCKTAILS: Master of Mixes Cocktail Mixers make the world’s most popular cocktails using only the finest ingredients. Simply add a spirit for a traditional cocktail, or get creative with a new recipe.
Bullet Point 4: PERFECTLY PACKAGED: Includes 3 - 1 liter bottles (33.8 fl oz.) boxed for safe shipping
Product Description: If you can’t decide whether you’d like a piña colada or a strawberry daiquiri, fret no more! We’ve created a perfectly creamy blend sure to please your palette. This refreshing combination of real coconuts from the Dominican Republic and premium California strawberries will create a tropical oasis in a glass. Combine 1 ¼ oz. light rum and 4 oz. Master of Mixes Strawberry Colada mix in a blender with a glass of ice and blend until smooth. Pour into a glass and garnish with a strawberry. Includes a 3-pack of 1 liter (33.8 fl oz.) bottles of Master of Mixes Strawberry Colada Drink Mix.
Value: 101.4
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/815FyKxowEL.jpg,3.82
167146,"Item Name: Virgin Coconut Oil 23 Ounces (Case of 6)
Bullet Point: 23 Ounces
Value: 138.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61ROh7Vb9OL.jpg,17.28
88555,"Item Name: Albanese World's Best Sour Mini Neon Gummi Worms, 8 Ounce Bag
Bullet Point 1: Sour Neon Mini Gummi Worms: Pucker up for the sour-flavored deliciousness of wiggly, fruity gummi worms that start sour and stay sour; Taste the difference of fresh fruit flavors and a deliciously soft chew you won't find with other gummy worms
Bullet Point 2: Truly Fruity: Sour-flavored assortment contains five flavors, including orange, cherry, green apple, blue raspberry and lemon; This fat free, gluten free, low sodium snack only has 100 calories per serving to make the perfect treat
Bullet Point 3: Stock Up the Flavor: Sweet, sour, big or small, our fat-free, allergen-free and gluten-free gummi candy bursts with fresh fruit flavor; Find your new favorite gummy worms, bears, butterflies, peach and apple rings in natural, sour and sugar free options
Bullet Point 4: Allergy Friendly Snack: Peanut free, tree nut free, dairy free, MSG free, gluten free, and with no artificial sweeteners, Albanese gummy candies are an allergen-friendly, fat free, low sodium treat packed with a sweet, fruity flavor
Bullet Point 5: Recipe For Success: For over 30 years Albanese has been making delicious treats with high-quality ingredients in the USA; Taste the difference in our wide selection of gummies, chocolates, nuts, and mixes
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71oIY9ediRL.jpg,26.47
75673,"Item Name: Zatarain's Rice Pilaf, 6.3 OZ
Value: 6.3
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71UOwW8SlPL.jpg,2.005
133577,"Item Name: Greek Gigantes Beans 280gr (6pack)
Value: 60.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41htTrXQFPL.jpg,16.95
208446,"Item Name: NUT CRAVINGS - Brazil Nuts Roasted & Salted - No Shell, Whole (8oz - 1 Pack) Bulk Nuts Packed Fresh in Resealable Bag - Healthy Protein Food Snack, All Natural, Keto Friendly, Vegan, Kosher
Bullet Point 1: THE MOST DELICIOUS ROASTED BRAZIL NUTS EVER: Our perfectly sized Roasted Brazil Nuts are roasted just right and then lightly salted so that they have just the perfect flavor. Then, they're roasted right in-house so that they arrive at you at their freshest
Bullet Point 2: IDEAL FOR YUMMY RECIPES, SOLO SNACKING, AND MORE: Roasted Brazil Nuts are great for solo snacking sessions, salads, sauces, healthy meals, baking, desserts (like brownies!) You name it!
Bullet Point 3: FRESH AND CRUNCHY NEVER LOOKED BETTER TOGETHER: Our Roasted Brazil Nuts are not only fresh and crunchy, but also full of flavor and ready to be enjoyed!
Bullet Point 4: TOP 'NUTCH' RESEALABLE BAG: Our zipper-style easily resealable bags make sure your snacks are kept fresh. Storing them at home? They'll stay fresh. Bringing them to work? They'll stay fresh. Taking them with you on your next trip? Fresh!
Bullet Point 5: FARMERS SEAL OF FRESHNESS: Our Roasted Brazil Nuts are hand picked by our farmers and carefully selected at our packing facilities in New York after passing our strict quality control processes. This ensures you only get the freshest and highest quality nuts in the market.
Product Description: <p>Nut Cravings brings you the perfect treat: a bag of the yummiest quality of nuts.<br><br> Our perfectly sized Roasted Brazil Nuts are <b>roasted just right and then lightly salted so that they have just the perfect flavor. Then, they're roasted right in-house so that they arrive at you at their freshest.<br><br></b> <b>Treat yourself or a loved one to nature's goodness with our Roasted Brazil Nuts!<br><br></b> They come beautifully presented in our TOP ""NUTCH"" bags to provide the ultimate experience. These resealable bags will keep them as fresh and delicious as they were when handpicked at our farms.<br><br><br> <b>Roasted Brazil Nuts are great for solo snacking sessions, salads, sauces, healthy meals, baking, desserts (like brownies!) You name it!<br><br><br></b> <b>In addition, there's a cute story behind them!<br><br></b> Lewis and Lindsay Cooper founded Nut Cravings in 2015 with the idea of mixing the two things they loved the most: travelling the world, and snacking. Today, our snacks are grown all around the world before travelling all the way to New York to be packed fresh and delivered right to your door.<br><br><br> <b>Do you want to know how much goodness you get in every bag?<br><br></b> We have bags with 8 oz, 16oz (1lb), 32oz (2lb), 48oz (3lb) and 80oz (5lb), you choose your size!<br><br> Ready to get delighted by these delicious snacks?
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81XLuOsecOL.jpg,10.97
116477,"Item Name: Xochitl No Salt Corn Tortilla Chips, 16 Ounce -- 9 per case.
Product Description: Stone Ground Corn, Water, Lime, One of the Following Non Hydrogenated Expeller Pressed Canola Oil and/or Safflower Oil and/or Sunflower Oil and/or Cottonseed/Palm Olein Oil.
Value: 9.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61yU6LMLPTL.jpg,70.52
124069,"Item Name: Frontera Spicy Guacamole Mix, 4.5 Ounce Packet (Pack of 8) Pack of 2
Value: 16.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/615RXvmRBgL.jpg,14.92
274873,"Item Name: LorAnn Tropical Punch (Passion Fruit) SS Flavor, 1 dram bottle (.125 fl oz - 3.7ml - 1 teaspoon)
Bullet Point 1: Our Tropical Punch (Passion Fruit) is an exotic, sweet and tangy flavor. Can be added to chocolates for an amazing tropical, fruity flavor.
Bullet Point 2: Our Tropical Punch (Passion Fruit) is an exotic, sweet and tangy flavor. Can be added to chocolates for an amazing tropical, fruity flavor.
Bullet Point 3: A little goes a long way! LorAnn’s super strength flavors are three to four times the strength of typical baking extracts.
Bullet Point 4: A Dram is a small bottle that is the perfect size for 1 batch of homemade Hard Tack Candy (.125 fl oz approximately 1 teaspoon) Love the flavor and need a larger size? Most of the 100+ Super Strength flavors are availble in larger sizes. 1 ounce bottle contains approximately 6 teaspoons. -- 4 ounce bottle contains approximately 24 teaspoons -- 16 ounce and gallon are also available.
Bullet Point 5: Typical uses: hard candy, general candy making, cakes, cookies, frosting, ice cream and a wide variety of other baking and confectionery applications. Note: When substituting super strength flavors for extracts, use ¼ to ½ teaspoon for 1 teaspoon of extract.
Bullet Point 6: Kosher - Gluten Free - Made in USA
Product Description: Quality - LorAnn a Family Tradition Since 1962
Value: 1.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61mbpYnKxiL.jpg,6.67
156028,"Item Name: Folgers Gormet Selections K-Cup Lively Columbian Medium Roast 18 Count
Value: 18.0
Unit: count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/711ueDYsBVL.jpg,13.28
126465,"Item Name: Torani Puremade Sauce, White Chocolate, 64 Ounces
Bullet Point 1: Puremade White Chocolate Sauce: Taste the true essence of creamy white chocolate; The combination of sweetened condensed milk, nonfat milk and cocoa butter allows the sauce to perfectly balance rich espresso
Bullet Point 2: Extraordinary Flavor: Torani White Chocolate Puremade Sauce works well in mochas, blended coffees, and hot chocolates; This new formulation has no mono- and diglycerides, no artificial ingredients and no GMO
Bullet Point 3: Puremade Sauces: Create drinks without artificial ingredients and emulsifiers; Torani Puremade delivers the amazing, rich flavor consumers crave with the simple and natural ingredients they demand
Bullet Point 4: Authentic Coffeehouse Flavor: From caramel to French vanilla to hazelnut—and everything in between—our syrups and sauces are here to help you create tantalizing lattes, cappuccinos, cold brews and frappes
Bullet Point 5: Flavor For All: Discover how Torani can help you make truly creative flavored teas, lemonades, smoothies, Italian sodas, coffees, cocktails, mocktails, snow cones, sparkling waters and more
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/618Tn-NrGxL.jpg,21.72
188613,"Item Name: Imagine Organic Creamy Soup, Sweet Pea, 32 oz. (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Twelve 32 oz. cartons of Imagine Organic Creamy Sweet Pea Soup
Bullet Point 2: Made with sweet peas simmered in an aromatic garden vegetable stock
Bullet Point 3: Dairy and gluten-free
Bullet Point 4: Certified Kosher and vegan
Bullet Point 5: Non-GMO Project Verified and USDA-Certified Organic
Value: 384.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81XdQYGl74L.jpg,23.625
117358,"Item Name: KIT KAT Breaking Bones White Creme Snack Size, Halloween Wafer Candy Bars Bag, 10.29 oz
Bullet Point 1: Contains one (1) 10.29-ounce bag of KIT KAT Breaking Bones White Creme Snack Size Wafer Candy Bars
Bullet Point 2: Fill snack drawers, lunch boxes and candy dishes throughout the fall season with white creme and wafer KIT KAT candy bars
Bullet Point 3: Kosher-certified, snack-size white creme and wafer candy bars individually wrapped for lasting freshness and convenience
Bullet Point 4: Be the biggest hit at the birthday, anniversary, retirement or graduation party with classic wafer candy bars with a fun bone-breaking white creme twist
Bullet Point 5: Take a break from the tricks by giving out KIT KAT Breaking Bones wafer and white creme Halloween candy treats
Value: 10.29
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41dTWeGpAeL.jpg,10.94
137859,"Item Name: Sage, Ground, 0.5 Ounces (Pack of 3)
Product Description: Certified Gluten Free by NSF. Gluten free. Kosher. Non-GMO. Non-irradiated. All natural. Salt free. No MSG. No preservatives.
Value: 3.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81WOmMZpCxL.jpg,5.39
76461,"Item Name: UTZ Old Fashioned Broken Sourdough Hards Pretzels – 64 oz Barrel – Big and Thick Classic Pretzel Knot Twist, Crunchy Sourdough Pretzel with Zero Cholesterol, 4 Pound (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: THICK AND CRUNCHY: Utz Old Fashioned Sourdough Hard Pretzels deliver on crunch, taste and size! With just the right amount of salt, these pretzels are made with aged sourdough, individually twisted and perfectly baked for a delicious, crunchy snack.
Bullet Point 2: GREAT FOR DIPPING: These sourdough pretzels are terrific for a snack on their own, but are great with added dip, too. Dip them in chocolate for the perfect salty/sweet combo, add a cheese dip and much more – the versatility is endless!
Bullet Point 3: PERFECT SNACK: This barrel of sourdough pretzels is just what you need to curl up on the couch or set out for large party. Pretzels are perfect for on-the-go snacks in the car or to pack in lunches. Plus, the resealable container keeps them fresh longer.
Bullet Point 4: ZERO CHOLESTEROL: With no cholesterol or trans-fat, these pretzel snacks are guilt-free! Keep them in your desk for a quick pick-me-up through your next meeting, pack in lunches and keep them on hand for parties.
Bullet Point 5: WE ARE UTZ: Since 1921, Utz has been making and selling quality pretzels and other delicious snacks in Hanover, PA, the snack capital of the world! We’re a family-managed business providing snacks that are crunchier, lighter, fresher and simply better.
Value: 64.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/517RS7hOi4L.jpg,10.129999999999999
144305,"Item Name: Maraschino Cherry Oolong Tea (50 tea bags, ZIN: 532627) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Maraschino Cherry Oolong Tea is a luxurious flavored Oolong tea with Cherries, Wild Cherry Bark and Hibiscus Flower that you can enjoy hot or cold! The Maraschino Cherry flavor and aroma is wonderful! - Ingredients: Oolong tea, Cherries, Wild Cherry Bark, Hibiscus Flower and Natural Maraschino Cherry Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 50 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Oolong Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Maraschino Cherry Oolong Tea is a luxurious flavored Oolong tea with Cherries, Wild Cherry Bark and Hibiscus Flower that you can enjoy hot or cold! The Maraschino Cherry flavor and aroma is wonderful! - Ingredients: Oolong tea, Cherries, Wild Cherry Bark, Hibiscus Flower and Natural Maraschino Cherry Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our afforda
Value: 150.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/819WnEzkHRL.jpg,56.01
108235,"Item Name: Sure-Jell 100% Natural Premium Fruit Pectin 1.75 oz - PACK OF 3
Value: 5.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71PXZvQIKRL.jpg,15.935
203467,"Item Name: NY Spice Shop Gold Shimmer Gumballs - 1 Pound Gumballs for Gumball Machine - Chewing Gum Dubble Bubble Gumballs - Fruit Flavored Gumballs Bulk Candy - Old Fashioned Candy Gumballs for Machine Refill - 50 Pcs
Bullet Point 1: GUMBALL MACHINE REFILL DELIGHTFULLY CHARMING TREATS – Step into a world of sweetness with NY Spice Shop's Gumballs Bulk candy, an assortment of vibrant and flavorful table decor delights that promise to enchant your taste buds with every chewy bite! Refill for home Gumball Machine. The perfect choice for anyone looking to refill their gum ball machine. Whether you're a business owner or just looking to add some fun to your home.
Bullet Point 2: EXPLORE A SPECTRUM OF SPRINKLES BULK CANDY GUMBALLS - Dive into a rainbow of flavors with our diverse selection of Gummy Chewing Gumballs candy bulk. From classic fruity sensations like tangy and juicy snacks to whimsical options like cotton candy and nostalgic bubblegum, there's an explosion of taste waiting to be discovered. Everyone is sure to be happy with our gumballs, which offer a softening texture with every chew and retain their delicious flavor.
Bullet Point 3: PERFECT FOR CELEBRATIONS & COOKIE DECORATIONS - Your taste buds won’t be bored with so many juicy flavors. Elevate any event with the playful allure of extra candy bulk gumballs for gumball machines. Whether it's a birthday bash, wedding reception, or décor, these colorful gumball machine refills are a must-have addition for creating captivating candy bowl displays, filling party favor bags, or adorning party decorations with a splash of fun and flair.
Bullet Point 4: INSPIRE YOUR BAKING CREATIVITY WITH CANDY BULK - A most delectable treat to keep around your house for a little pick-me-up. Unleash your imagination in the kitchen by incorporating bubble gum balls into your baking adventures. Let your cakes, cupcakes, cookies, and brownies come alive with bursts of color and flavor as you use these delightful gumball treats as eye-catching toppings, decorative accents, or whimsical mix-ins.
Bullet Point 5: BRING JOY TO SNACK MOMENTS WITH GUM DUBBLE BUBBLE GUMBALLS - Give your party a bubblegum boost. Elevate your snack experience with mixed fruity flavored gum balls that promise pure bliss in every chew. Whether you're unwinding at home, satisfying cravings on the go, or sharing smiles with friends, these chewy bubble gumballs will brighten your day with their irresistible fruity essence.
Product Description: <b>REFILL YOUR BUBBLE MACHINE OR BANKS WITH NY SPICE SHOP’S BUBBLE GUM BALLS!<br><br> GET YOUR BUBBLE GUM MACHINE REFILL HERE!</b> Our chewing gumballs come in a bulk pack, ideal for refilling your gum ball machine. Whether you're a business owner or adding fun to your home, these bubblegum work smoothly with any vending machine equipped with the right dispensing wheel.<br><br> <b>GET THE PARTY GOING WITH OUR LARGE GUMBALLS!</b> Everyone will love their soft texture and delicious flavor. Perfect for birthday parties, baby shower favors, or adding fun to holidays like Halloween, Christmas, Thanksgiving, Valentine's, and St. Patrick's Day.<br><br> <b>COLORFUL GUMBALLS MAKE ANY GUMBALL MACHINE LOOK GREAT -</b> Gumball machine for kids! That's why bubble gum machine are great for teaching kids about saving money. You can even reward them with a coin after reading, studying, or doing chores.<br><br> <b>DISCOVER A WORLD OF SWEETNESS WITH NY SPICE SHOP'S GIANT BUBBLE BALL!</b> These colorful bubble gum balls are more than just treats - they're bursts of joy that liven up any moment. with a variety of flavors and vibrant colors, NY Spice Shop bubble fruit are perfect for satisfying your sweet cravings and creating delightful memories.<br><br> <b>NY SPICE SHOP GUM BALLS ARE MADE WITH CARE AND BURSTING WITH FLAVOR, LOVED BY BOTH KIDS AND ADULTS. WHETHER IT'S A PARTY, BAKING, OR SNACK TIME, OUR GUMBALLS ADD COLOR AND FUN TO ANY OCCASION.</b>
Value: 50.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41WQF5qWpSL.jpg,10.99
114665,"Item Name: Passage to India Ready to Eat Meals - Butter Masala with Basmati Pilaf Rice - Flavorful Vegetarian Indian Food - Easy Microwave Meals (280g)
Bullet Point 1: Delicious Vegetarian Flavor: Enjoy the rich taste of traditional butter chicken with this vegetarian curry bowl. Packed with nutritious vegetables, French and red kidney beans, and topped with crispy fried onions, it’s a must-try Indian food.
Bullet Point 2: Quick Ready-to-Eat Meal: This microwave meal is perfect for busy lifestyles. In just 90 seconds, you can enjoy a satisfying, flavorful dish that fits seamlessly into your routine. Perfect for anyone seeking convenient prepared meal.
Bullet Point 3: Wholesome and Flavorful Ingredients: Each bowl contains premium basmati rice, a rich vegetable curry sauce, and crispy dried onions, ensuring every bite is packed with authentic Indian flavor. Enjoy a nutritious meal that’s free from artificial ingredients!
Bullet Point 4: Easy Microwave Preparation: Preparing your meal is simple! Just empty the vegetable curry sachet, massage the rice sachet, heat in the microwave for 90 seconds, add crispy onions, stir, and indulge in a delicious curry meal ready to eat.
Bullet Point 5: Chef’s Special Serving Suggestion: Enhance your ready-to-eat meals with a dollop of natural yogurt and sliced cucumber for extra freshness. Created by award-winning chef Chris Doutre, this dish offers authentic Indian flavor that you’ll crave again and again.
Value: 9.87
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51EEjW+AXYL.jpg,8.57
255165,"Item Name: Durkee Italian Seasoning, 28 Ounce -- 1 each.
Product Description: Durkee Italian Seasoning, 28 Ounce -- 1 each. A blend of classic Italian herbs such as oregano, thyme, basil, rosemary, marjoram and sage. Perfect to season Mediterranean and Italian cooking.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81cDZz+v6sL.jpg,49.29
46363,"Item Name: Rockstar Punched Energy Drink, 64 Fl Oz Can
Bullet Point 1: Item Package Length: 5.0""
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Width: 5.0""
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Height: 6.125""
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Weight: 4.1 lb
Value: 64.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/913ribXoeiL.jpg,10.99
248456,"Item Name: Kraft NotCo Original Flavor Plant Based Mac & Cheese, 6 oz Box
Bullet Point 1: One 6 oz box of Kraft NotCo Original Flavor Plant Based Mac & Cheese
Bullet Point 2: Our warm, cheesy macaroni that fills your belly and feeds your soul is now plant-based
Bullet Point 3: Introducing Kraft NotMac&Cheese, Kraft Mac & Cheese’s first ever plant-based option in the US
Bullet Point 4: NotCo uses patented AI tech, Chef Giuseppe, to create delicious plant-based products
Bullet Point 5: To prepare, boil 6 cups of water, stir in macaroni, cook 7-8 minutes, drain the water, then add 4 tbsp plant-based butter, 1/4 cup unsweetened original plant-based milk and sauce mix; mix well
Bullet Point 6: One box makes about 2 servings
Bullet Point 7: Our plant-based macaroni and cheese is vegan and contains no artificial dyes
Value: 6.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41f7ad9LhVL.jpg,2.99
273526,"Item Name: Vlasic Kosher Dill Pickle Spears, Keto Friendly, 24 oz (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Twelve 24 fl oz jars of Vlasic Kosher Dill Pickle Spears
Bullet Point 2: Perfectly crunchy Kosher dill pickles made with a one-of-a-kind secret pickling recipe
Bullet Point 3: Vlasic's pickling recipe delivers classic dill taste
Bullet Point 4: Snack pickles contain 0 calories per serving
Bullet Point 5: Packaged in a resealable jar to lock in flavor and keep pickles crunchy
Value: 288.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51AVnW1mpaL.jpg,4.79
30664,"Item Name: Buffalo Bills 16oz Premium Maple Pepper Beef Jerky Pieces (one pound bag in random size pieces)
Bullet Point 1: 16oz of our Buffalo Bills Premium Maple Pepper Beef Jerky in random size pieces
Bullet Point 2: Made with real maple syrup and fresh cracked black pepper
Bullet Point 3: Whole muscle jerky - not chopped and formed like many other commercial brands
Bullet Point 4: Proudly made in the USA with 100% US beef - USDA inspected and approved
Bullet Point 5: A great diet snack - only 70 calories per ounce
Product Description: One full pound of our Buffalo Bills Premium Maple Pepper Beef Jerky in random size pieces. Pieces vary in size from 1"" to 5"" in length. After vacationing in Vermont, Buffalo Bill came back with this enticing variation on our classic Premium Hickory beef jerky. Using real maple syrup with an added bite of cracked black pepper, this inspired flavored combo is sure to create a new wave of jerky cravings! Our line of Premium ""Hung in the Smokehouse"" Beef Jerky is available in three distinct flavors - Hickory, Maple Pepper, and Beer (beef jerky marinated in a Honey Brown Ale).
Value: 16.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71LG5z+wwRL.jpg,39.99
60806,"Item Name: Andy Anand Red Velvet Cheesecake 9"" | Freshly Baked, All-Natural | Made with Real California Cream Cheese, No Chemicals or Preservatives | Amazingly Delicious & Decadent (2 lbs)
Bullet Point 1: 🍰NO PRESERVATIVES CHEESECAKE: This Amazing Red Velvet Cheesecake Is Sweet And Out Of This World, One Word Is Simply Delicious And An Amazing Combination. The Union Of Style And Simplicity, Our Signature Cheesecake Combines A Sophisticated New York–Style Recipe Made In A Traditional Way. Moist And Delicious, This Decadent Delight Is Perfect For Any Celebration And Certainly Lives Up To Its Name.
Bullet Point 2: 🍰Premium Quality Ingredients: Taking Great Care To Only Use The Finest Quality Ingredients, We Use Real California Cream Cheese, Fresh Eggs And Vanilla To Make Sure Our Fresh Bakery Cheesecakes Have A Homemade Taste So That We Can Get The Homemade Experience.
Bullet Point 3: 🍰9 INCH CHEESECAKE BOX: Take A Bite Of Our Mouth-Watering And Incredibly Delicious Bakery Freshly Baked Cheesecake And You’ll Be Pleasantly Surprised With The Richness Of The Taste! The Symphony Of Flavors Will Burst In Your Mouth.
Bullet Point 4: 🍰BEST CHEESECAKE DELIVERY: The Perfect Present For Your Loved Ones! Make Your Loved Ones' Special Day Even More Fun! This Tasty Cheesecake Is 2 Pounds. Every Bite Offers A Burst Of Flavor That Is Sure To Keep Your Friend’s Taste Buds Tingling With Delight!
Bullet Point 5: 🍰All Cheesecakes Are Handmade Using Traditional Methods, Resulting In Slight Variations And Uniqueness In Each Cheesecake. They Are Free From Any Artificial Chemicals Or Preservatives, Ensuring Freshness And Quality.
Product Description: <br>Indulge In The Heavenly Goodness Of Our Freshly Baked Cheesecake - The Best Classic Cheesecake You'll Ever Taste! Satisfy Your Cravings Without The Guilt Of Added Sugar. Made With Premium Ingredients, This Delectable Dessert Is A True Masterpiece. Each Slice Of Our Ready to Eat Cheesecake Is Meticulously Crafted To Perfection. From The Creamy Texture To The Rich Flavor, Every Bite Is A Delight For Your Taste Buds. Whether You're a Cheesecake Connoisseur Or A Dessert Lover Seeking A Guilt-Free Treat, Our Bakery Cheesecake Option Is A Game-Changer.</br><br>No Need To Scour For a Cheesecake Near You When You Can Enjoy The Convenience Of Our Cheesecake Delivery Service. Whether You're at Home, The Office, Or Hosting A Special Event, We'll Bring The Heavenly Goodness Right To Your Doorstep We Take Pride In Offering A Wide Range Of Flavours And Options. However, Our Best Classic Cheesecake Stands Out As A Crowd Favourite. With Its Timeless Appeal And Unforgettable Taste, It's No Wonder Customers Keep Coming Back For More.</br><br>Thanks for Helping Children</br> <br>As a part of our philanthropic efforts 15% of the sales proceeds are donated to Schools where children are given free education. Over 2 million Dollars have already been donated.</br> Make a Difference in a Child’s life. !!!
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91VTCz423ZL.jpg,61.99
67927,"Item Name: Lola’s Fine Hot Sauce - Ghost Pepper | All-Natural, Gluten-Free, Keto | Created With Jolokia “Ghost Peppers” | Perfect for Eggs, Nachos, and Brats | 6 PACK x 5 fl oz
Bullet Point 1: HAUNTING HEAT: Lola’s signature ghost sauce is a blend with the freshest mixed jolokia “ghost peppers” for a delightful smokey flavor with a medium burn. Try this on your favorite style eggs, nachos, or brats! Ingredients: Red Jalapenos, Ghost Peppers, Garlic, Lime Juice, Vinegar, & Salt
Bullet Point 2: GOES AWAY FAST: One of the most amazing things about our recipes is that the heat comes on fast and strong but quickly goes away. Allowing you to enjoy the robust flavor without overpowering heat that lasts for minutes and ruins other parts of your meal.
Bullet Point 3: ALL-NATURAL, LOCALLY SOURCED: Here at Lola’s Fine Hot Sauce we use all-natural ingredients that are as locally sourced as possible. We strive to keep the utmost quality in ingredients to preserve that right from the garden, homemade taste. All our sauces are 100% All-Natural, Plant-Based, Keto, Low Sodium, Non-GMO Project Verified, and Gluten-Free
Bullet Point 4: MAKE ANY DISH TASTE HOMEMADE: Our signature sauces have been satisfying our friends and family for years and they make every dish we incorporate it with taste homemade. We would love to extend that sentiment to you and your family as you gather around your table and share a meal together. With our sauce, any dish can taste like home.
Bullet Point 5: WHO IS LOLA?: In our family, Lola means grandmother. Well, Lola actually happens to be my mother; we’ve all grown to call her Lola now that we all have kids of our own. Lola is a word that is used by her grandkids when they see her, us as parents, and even close friends. Lola is passionate about family, helping people, and cooking delicious food. So here we are sharing what Lola has provided to our family, friends, and neighbors. Her love through a recipe that’s fantastic and unique.
Product Description: Lola’s signature ghost is a blend with the freshest mixed Jolokia “ghost peppers” for a delightful smokey flavor with a medium burn. Try this on your favorite style eggs, nachos, or brats! Lola's Fine Hot Sauces are all-natural, Non-GMO, Gluten-Free, and made in the USA. We use the most local ingredients attainable. At Lola’s Fine Hot Sauce, our mission is to provide a truly unique hot sauce for everyone to enjoy. Our hot sauce is made from the freshest ingredients and contains each of the world’s most unique peppers for a delectable experience. Our sauces aren’t meant to melt your face off, they’re meant to make you feel good and deliver an absolutely delicious flavor!
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61yARqMD8jL.jpg,44.0
155886,"Item Name: Betty Crocker Super Moist White Cake Mix, 16.25 oz
Bullet Point 1: CAKE MIX: Bake a delicious, moist white cake dessert
Bullet Point 2: QUICK AND EASY: Make a cake by just adding a few simple ingredients as directed and popping in the oven
Bullet Point 3: ENDLESS OPTIONS: Add your own twist to these mixes by trying tested and trusted Betty Crocker recipes
Bullet Point 4: INGREDIENTS: No artificial colors
Bullet Point 5: CONTAINS: 16.25 oz
Value: 16.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/819D-Jkj80L.jpg,1.89
264011,"Item Name: Crystal Light On The Go Fruit Punch Drink Mix, 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 20)
Bullet Point 1: Each Crystal Light On The Go Box Contains 10 Individual Packets that You Mix with Up to 16.9 Fluid Ounces (500 ml) of Water
Bullet Point 2: Each Crystal Light On The Go 8 Ounce Serving Contains 5 Calories
Bullet Point 3: Crystal Light On The Go has 90% Fewer Calories than Leading Beverages
Bullet Point 4: Crystal Light Fruit Punch Contains No Caffeine and is Kosher
Bullet Point 5: Crystal Light Fruit Punch is Low in Sodium and Gluten Free
Product Description: Crystal Light On The Go turns the water you need into the water you will love. It transforms ordinary water with fabulous fruit flavors and tantalizing teas. Each sip is the perfect way to refresh, renew and satisfy your thirst for something different.
Value: 20.0
Unit: count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91v0F6tUxGL.jpg,62.010000000000005
209694,"Item Name: Hot Tamales Fierce Cinnamon Candy, 4.25oz Box Each (Pack of 2) Theater Box, Cinnamon Candy, Gummy Candy, The Hampton Candy Company
Bullet Point 1: Experience the heat! Hot Tamales Fierce Cinnamon, America's favorite cinnamon candy, packs a spicy punch in every chewy bite.
Bullet Point 2: 2 PACK: Enjoy 4.25 ounce boxes each in this 2 pack of Hot Tamales Fierce Cinnamon - These candies are a hit with everyone of all ages from kids to adults!
Bullet Point 3: Perfect for movie nights, school kids, pantries, favors, parties, festivities, holiday celebrations, and sharing with your cherished family and friends — these treats are a delightful addition to any occasion.
Bullet Point 4: Since 2003, The Hampton Popcorn & Candy Company has been delighting taste buds with a delectable assortment of popcorn and candy treats, perfect for every occasion.
Product Description: Experience the heat! Hot Tamales Fierce Cinnamon, America's favorite cinnamon candy, packs a spicy punch in every chewy bite. Available in a 2 pack - 4.25 oz boxes each.
Value: 8.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81K8wryJW8L.jpg,7.24
150391,"Item Name: John Henry's Raspberry Chipotle Rub
Product Description: A specialty rub for select customers, John Henry's Raspberry Chipotle Rub combines the smoky flavor of chipotle peppers with the sweet, tart flavor of a raspberry. When we sample this rub, it's always interesting to learn what customers plan to cook with it...right now, salmon steaks seem to be leading the way.
Value: 10.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41GmQ0WX-hL.jpg,18.25
79260,"Item Name: Sara Lee Bread - Bakery Delightful 100% Multi-Grain-2Pack
Value: 40.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41ja9vjMRpL.jpg,4.79
6306,"Item Name: Emerald Cocoa Roasted Almonds, 5 oz Pack, 6/Carton
Bullet Point 1: A natural source of protein, vitamins and minerals.
Bullet Point 2: Gives you a boost of energy.
Bullet Point 3: Perfect size to take with you on the go.
Product Description: A natural source of protein, vitamins and minerals that give you a boost of energy. Perfect size to take with you on the go. Food Type: Nuts; Flavor: Cocoa Roasted Almonds; Capacity (Weight): 5 oz; Packing Type: Bag.,
Value: 30.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71foZQw7azL.jpg,39.03
142282,"Item Name: Raspberry Oolong Tea (50 tea bags, ZIN: 530899) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Raspberry Oolong Tea is a luxurious flavored Oolong tea with Raspberry Leaf (Red) that you can enjoy hot or cold! - Ingredients: Oolong tea, Raspberry Leaf (Red) and natural raspberry flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 50 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Oolong Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Raspberry Oolong Tea is a luxurious flavored Oolong tea with Raspberry Leaf (Red) that you can enjoy hot or cold! - Ingredients: Oolong tea, Raspberry Leaf (Red) and natural raspberry flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and to look for new ways to serve you and the ones you love. TerraVita has become a trusted household name for
Value: 100.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/416RPGHq-3L.jpg,38.54
71590,"Item Name: Frito Lay, Ruffles Potato Chips Jalapeno Ranch Flavored, 2.5 Ounce
Product Description: chips and crisps
Value: 2.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/512-6N0pZiL.jpg,4.69
240535,"Item Name: Hills Bros Instant White Chocolate Caramel Decadent Cappuccino 16 Ounce (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point 1: INSTANT CAPPUCCINO – When you’re in the mood for a cappuccino without the guilt, look no further than Hills Bros. instant cappuccino.
Bullet Point 2: RICH COFFEEHOUSE FLAVOR - Treat yourself to delicious and rich, creamy coffeehouse cappuccino without having to leave the house. Just add hot water, mix, and cuddle up on the couch. Food Form: Powdered
Bullet Point 3: VERSATILE - Warm up with a frothy cup of cappuccino, chill with an ice-blended drink or stir things up by adding cappuccino drink mix to your coffee instead of cream and sugar
Bullet Point 4: A BRAND TO TRUST - Hills Bros. was created over 137 years ago with a commitment to quality. We've been delighting customers ever since with innovative roasting methods, delicious blends and more
Product Description: In the mood for a delicious and decadent treat but don’t want to leave the house or wait in long lines at a coffee shop? Look no further than Hills Bros. instant cappuccino. Our white chocolate caramel instant cappuccino mix is frothy and decadent, like dessert. It has a sweet white chocolate flavor with milk caramel. Just add water! It’s a versatile mix, too, and can create a warm, frothy cup or a chilled, ice-blended cappuccino. You can even use this white chocolate caramel cappuccino mix instead of cream and sugar in your brewed coffee. It’s convenient and easy to use - treat yourself to delicious and rich, creamy coffee house cappuccino without having to leave the house! Hills Bros. Coffee was created over 137 years ago with an unwavering commitment to quality. We’ve been delighting customers ever since with our innovative roasting methods, delicious blends and much more. Our coffee is crafted without compromise.
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41kXAFQDXOL.jpg,12.995
146884,"Item Name: Barjan 301004 Island Adventure Shrunken Head
Value: 1.0
Unit: count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41DrAQzUgYL.jpg,17.9
230905,"Item Name: Wiley Wallaby 6 Ounce Sourrageous Drops Mix of Watermelon, Green Apple and Lemon Soft & Chewy Licorice with a Candy Shell, 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: SOURRAGEOUS DROPS: With a chewy tart red inside and a sour crunchy outside, these tart delicious treats keep your taste buds on their toes! A blend of three fruity flavors: Watermelon, Green Apple, and Lemon.
Bullet Point 2: VEGAN CANDY: Our Australian-style licorice is certified vegan & kosher. Using only sustainable palm oils creates a delicious, fat-free & eco-friendly product. No high-fructose corn syrup.
Bullet Point 3: GOURMET SNACK: Our licorice sticks are perfect for munching on any time. With a delicious & natural taste, it's a treat for everyone. Ideal for gift boxes, movie night, parties & picnics.
Bullet Point 4: UNIQUE TRADITIONS: Family-owned Wiley Wallaby licorice is soft, chewy & bursting with flavor. Our brand is focused on creating a tasty snack that you can feel good about eating. Try our organic flavors, too!
Bullet Point 5: CANDY MIX: With a focus on quality, Kenny's Candy manufactures delicious sweets. We offer red & black licorice, chocolates, gummy bears, fruit snacks & licorice, popcorn & snack mixes. Addictively delicious.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81yNb4L2PtL.jpg,14.99
160200,"Item Name: Jelly Belly Jelly Beans, Mickey Mouse Special Edition, 7.5 Ounce
Bullet Point: Fat free, gluten free, peanut free
Value: 7.5
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41IkTt1Kc0L.jpg,4.32
39416,"Item Name: NATURES PATH CEREAL FLK CORN BOX ORG, 10.6 OZ, PK- 12
Value: 127.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31NLFNY2WEL.jpg,5.29
169191,"Item Name: CENTO TUNA TONNO OOIL, 5 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point: CENTO TUNA TONNO OOIL, 5 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Value: 60.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71CQVO-72nL.jpg,5.49
274674,"Item Name: Eden Foods Organic White Kidney Beans, 15 oz
Bullet Point 1: Eden Foods
Bullet Point 2: Eden Foods Cannellini White Kidney Beans Organic 15 oz (425 grams) Can
Bullet Point 3: Organic
Value: 15.0
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/A1ssIL6Mp-L.jpg,5.345
44612,"Item Name: Dare Cracker water Original, 4.4 oz
Bullet Point: Prepared in a dedicated Gluten-free allergy-friendly facility
Value: 4.4
Unit: Ounces
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71iMffNjdXL.jpg,6.64
65166,"Item Name: SoCo Tahini Paste & Pesto Squeeze Packs, Pure Ground Sesame Tahini Sauce, Vegan Pesto Sauces, Plant-Based, Gluten-Free, Non-GMO, Kosher Condiments, 1.09 oz (31 g), Box of 10
Bullet Point 1: Delicious Tahini in A Squeeze Pack - Created by die-hard tahini lovers, our Tahini & Pesto Paste is stone-ground to perfection to deliver unique, mouthwatering flavors. It’s the appetizing combination of the finest Ethiopian sesame seeds and herby basil pesto.
Bullet Point 2: Satisfies Your Taste Buds - This tahini paste for hummus creates a creamy, mild, and zesty taste that’s excellent for different recipes. Savor great-tasting meals by adding a scoop to your baba ganoush, hummus, tahini & pesto hero sandwich, and many more!
Bullet Point 3: Nutrient-Dense Superfood Sesame Tahini - Compared to other spreads or PB&J alternatives, SoCo Whole Foods Tahini is rich in iron, calcium, and plant-based protein. Our slow-roasting technique helps retain the key nutrients found in sesame seeds.
Bullet Point 4: Can Be Enjoyed in Multiple Ways - The possibilities are endless with this tasty, hearty sesame paste. Indulge your palate and use it as a tahini dressing, ice cream drizzle, seasoned tahini ingredient for cookies, and flavoring for coffee tahini shakes.
Bullet Point 5: A Culinary Wonder You Can Trust - SoCo Tahini Spice Paste follows a proprietary blend passed down for over 5 generations. Unlike other tahini products, it uses pure Humera sesame seeds with no added sugar. It’s gluten-free, non-GMO, and Kosher-verified.
Product Description: Bring the magic of tahini to your kitchen through SoCo Tahini & Pesto sesame seed paste! Made to satisfy your palate, it’s an all-natural, versatile condiment you can enjoy in many ways. A Fusion of Flavor and Quality We make our tahini paste only with top-shelf, plant-derived ingredients without compromising the flavors. Unlike other tahini products, SoCo tahini is smooth, creamy, and always fresh. Makes Your Healthful Lifestyle Easy Every jar of this tahini goodness makes you one step ahead of your diet game. Preparing any meal with our keto-paleo-friendly sesame paste is easy-peasy — you’ll never run out of nutritious recipe ideas to whip up! An Excellent Substitute in a Variety of Ways You can enjoy SoCo Tahini any way you like: Tahini salad dressing Sandwich spread Savory recipe ingredient Tahini sesame butter Glaze for your vegetables or meat Noodle soup base Beverage flavoring Dessert Hummus Dip Creative baked treats for kids, and many more! Available in 4 Delectable Flavors Artisanal Tahini Tahini & Pesto Tahini & Dates Dark Roast Tahini Sustainably Crafted to Perfection All our products are made with simple, plant-derived ingredients to maintain a generations-long tahini tradition. They’re packed with dietary fiber, antioxidants, protein, and other essential nutrients. Experience non-GMO, gluten-free, Kosher-verified, and zero-sugar goodness in every jar. Bringing People Together At SoCo, we go beyond making a difference in everyone’s kitchen. Our ultimate goal is to bridge communities using the shared love for technology, entrepreneurship, and tahini. A portion of our sales goes to the Middle East Entrepreneurs of Tomorrow (MEET), which helps connect young Israeli and Palestinian students. Seed a healthful change in your kitchen and the community. Join the SoCo Tahini Revolution today!
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61iPtRcKRFL.jpg,14.95
193140,"Item Name: Perfect Samplers Extra Caffeine Extra Bold Coffee Single Serve Cups for Keurig K Cup Brewers 1.0 & 2.0 Variety Pack Sampler (50Count)
Bullet Point 1: HUGE 50 PACK OF HIGH CAFFEINE COFFEE PODS FROM THE TOP BRANDS - Sample 6 Different Brands including Cake Boss, Guy Fieri, Double Donut and Shock.
Bullet Point 2: GET 2X THE CAFFEINE IN A SINGLE SERVING - Sometimes We All Need an Extra Boost, Now Get it in a Simple Cup of Coffee.
Bullet Point 3: EXTRA BOLD FLAVOR - These Coffee Pods We're Carefully Roasted to Give You That Bold Flavor Without the Harsh Bitterness
Bullet Point 4: INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED AND INSPECTED BEFORE EVERY SHIPMENT - All of our Sampler Packs have Been Carefully Inspected to Ensure Each Coffe Pod is Fresh and in Perfect Condition. Due to the vast variety of our sampler pack the combination of blends is subject to change.
Bullet Point 5: COMPATIBLE WITH ALL KEURIG K CUP BREWERS - Our Sampler Pack Capsules are 100% Compatible With all Keurig Kcup Brewers, Including Keurig 2.0. K-Cup and Keurig are registered trademarks of Green Mountain. We are not affiliated with Green Mountain.
Value: 50.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91aWgLG4AhL.jpg,39.99
259502,"Item Name: Blue Diamond Nut-Thins Pecan Nut & Rice Cracker Snacks 4.25 oz (Pack of 4)
Value: 4.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61PheDWu3oL.jpg,24.81
74357,"Item Name: Cavendish & Harvey | Citrus Fruit Candy Drops | 7 Ounce Tin
Bullet Point 1: Citrus Fruit Drops: A kaleidoscope of flavor, the refreshing assortment of lemon, lime and pink grapefruit candies blends a vivid combination of sour, bitter and exotic taste sensations.
Bullet Point 2: Luxury for Connoisseurs: The exquisite fruit candies garnished with powdered sugar are perfect as a gift for your loved ones or for your own little moments of pleasure in between.
Bullet Point 3: Highest Quality: To give you unique taste experiences, we use only the highest quality ingredients and natural flavors in the production of our delicacies.
Bullet Point 4: Love Taste - Recycle Waste: The tins of our delicious sweets are made from 45% recycled materials and are themselves 99% recyclable.
Bullet Point 5: Made in Germany: Our delicious fruit candies are all devotedly produced in our factory in Kaltenkirchen.
Product Description: A kaleidoscope of flavor. The refreshing assortment of lemon, lime and pink grapefruit candies blends a vivid combination of sour, bitter and exotic taste sensations. Made with real fruit juice, dusted with icing sugar and sealed in a premium gold tin for the highest quality freshness.
Value: 7.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81-hvnG9LRL.jpg,14.4
218798,"Item Name: Detox Tea Bags | Pyramid Tea Bags, Caffeine-Free, 100% Natural Ingredients, ECO Conscious Packaging | Herbal Tea for Relaxation | Rich Flavor, and Sustainable Enjoyment, 9 Oz (pack of 100)
Bullet Point 1: Premium Pyramid Tea Bags – Enjoy the superior infusion experience with our pyramid tea bags, specially designed to maximize the extraction of flavors and aroma. These innovative tea bags allow the detox petals to expand fully, delivering a richer, smoother taste in every cup. Ideal for tea enthusiasts seeking premium quality and exceptional flavor.
Bullet Point 2: Caffeine-Free Relaxation – Savor the natural goodness of detox tea without the caffeine. Perfect for any time of day, our detox tea bags offer a soothing beverage that helps you unwind and relax. Enjoy the benefits of a refreshing, non-caffeinated drink that promotes balance and harmony in your daily routine.
Bullet Point 3: 100% Natural Ingredients – Made from carefully selected detox petals, our tea bags are crafted with 100% natural ingredients, free from artificial additives, flavors, or preservatives. Indulge in the pure, tangy taste of detox tea, knowing it’s made with nature’s best for a truly authentic experience.
Bullet Point 4: Eco-Conscious Tea Bags – Our eco-conscious tea bags reflect our commitment to sustainability. Made from biodegradable materials, these tea bags are both environmentally friendly and effective. Brew your tea guilt-free, knowing you’re making a positive impact on the planet with every cup.
Bullet Point 5: Rich Flavor & Vibrant Color – Experience the bold, tangy flavor and deep red hue of detox tea in every sip. The pyramid design ensures an optimal brewing process, allowing the tea’s natural properties to shine. Perfect hot or iced, it’s a delicious and versatile addition to your tea collection.
Product Description: Discover the perfect blend of flavor and wellness with our premium Detox Tea Bags. Crafted for tea enthusiasts who appreciate quality and sustainability, each sip offers a delightful burst of tangy, refreshing flavor that invigorates your senses. Made with 100% natural ingredients, this tea is free from artificial additives, ensuring a pure and wholesome experience. Our pyramid tea bags are thoughtfully designed to allow the detox petals to unfurl fully, releasing their rich, vibrant flavor and captivating aroma. The pyramid shape enhances infusion, ensuring every cup is as flavorful as the first. Whether you enjoy your tea hot or iced, these tea bags deliver consistent quality and taste with every brew. Being caffeine-free, our detox tea is the perfect choice for any time of the day. Enjoy a soothing cup in the evening or a refreshing glass in the afternoon without worrying about disrupting your sleep. Its natural tangy flavor pairs wonderfully with a slice of lemon or a touch of honey for added sweetness. We are committed to sustainability, which is why our eco-conscious tea bags are made with biodegradable materials, making them better for the environment. Each tea bag is individually sealed to preserve freshness while supporting eco-friendly practices. Rich in vibrant red color and packed with the essence of natural detox petals, this tea is a delightful addition to your daily routine. Whether you're relaxing at home or need a quick pick-me-up, our Detox Tea Bags offer a delicious and guilt-free way to stay hydrated and refreshed. Experience the perfect combination of taste, quality, and sustainability with our Detox Tea Bags. From their innovative pyramid design to their eco-friendly construction, they are crafted to elevate your tea-drinking experience. Indulge in a natural, caffeine-free delight that’s good for you and the planet.
Value: 9.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61rsITUP65L.jpg,19.99
233065,"Item Name: Cookie Pop Popcorn Butterfinger Popcorn, Non GMO, 5.25 Ounces (Pack Of 12)
Bullet Point: Cookie Pop Popcorn Butterfinger Popcorn, Non GMO, 5.25 Ounces (Pack Of 12)
Value: 63.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/810fZ-OMzuL.jpg,1.49
72342,"Item Name: Food to Live Premium Dry Beans Bundle, 3 Pack - Black Beans (5 LB), Pinto Beans (5 LB), Navy Beans (5 LB), Non-GMO Verified, Sproutable, Bulk. Rich in Fiber, Protein. Perfect for Soups. Made in USA
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ PREMIUM QUALITY, RAW, KOSHER & VEGAN: This Dry Beans Bundle by Food to Live consists of Premium Quality, Raw, Kosher, and Vegan ingredients.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️ BUNDLE & SAVE, SET OF 3 ITEMS: Dry Beans Bundle contains one 5 lb bag of Navy Beans, one 5 lb bag of Pinto Beans, and one 5 lb bag of Black Beans. Getting these beans in a set is cheaper than buying them separately.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️ HIGHLY NUTRITIOUS, RICH IN PROTEIN: The Legumes in this Bundle are rich in many nutrients including plant protein, dietary fiber, potent antioxidants, Vitamin B9, and essential minerals such as Iron, Potassium, Magnesium, and Phosphorus.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️ VERSATILE USES, CANNED BEANS SUBSTITUTE: Use Pinto, Black, and Navy Beans in place of canned beans and in various dishes: stews, soups, chili, rice and beans, salsa, casseroles, make Vegan tacos and burritos.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️ EASY TO COOK, PERFECT PANTRY STAPLE: Legumes are super easy to cook, highly nutritious, and can be stored long-term which makes them an excellent pantry staple.
Product Description: With this Food to Live’s Dry Beans Bundle of Navy, Pinto and Black Beans which contains 5lb bags of each bean variety, you can cover probably all the recipes that call for legumes. Besides, opting for this “bundle and save” deal, is a great way to save money since you will pay less than buying the beans separately. This bundle is of Premium Quality, Sproutable, Vegan, 100% Raw, and Kosher. Nutritional Benefits of Pinto Navy and Black Beans Bundle Beans are a pantry staple in many households due to their versatility and rich nutritional value. Navy, Pinto, and Black Beans are packed with plant protein and dietary fiber. Further, they are a decent source of vitamins and essential minerals such as Potassium, Magnesium, Iron, Phosphorus, and Folate (Vitamin B9). Besides, these three kinds of beans contain powerful antioxidants called flavonoids which fight free radicals. Comparing Dry Beans vs Canned Beans, the former are lower in sodium and may be slightly lower in other nutrients. Navy, Pinto and Black Beans Bundle Versatile Uses Every bean variety in this Premium Dry Beans Bundle boasts its unique flavor and texture though Pinto and Navy beans share a subtle taste and soft texture when cooked whilst Black Beans remain firm and have a more distinct flavor profile. You can use these beans together or individually for soups, stews, casseroles, or chili. Besides, cook tacos, burritos, rice and beans as well as various Mexican, Indian, and Caribbean dishes. Having these Premium Dried Beans bulk in your pantry, you will have endless ideas for dinner! Sprouting Pinto Beans, Navy, and Black Beans Aside from culinary applications, you can start sprouting Black Beans, Navy, and Pinto Beans and enjoy the benefits of super nutritious microgreens. Sprouting Navy Beans, Pinto, and Black Beans can be done by anyone and takes just about a week.
Value: 240.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41+g9UTA1ZL.jpg,46.41
72067,"Item Name: 1 Bag x Mrs. Fields Cookie Dough Birthday Cake Dessert Toppings - Resealable bag - Imported from US
Bullet Point: Kosher
Product Description: Per Serving: 130 calories; 3.5 g sat fat (18% DV); 105 mg sodium (3% DV); 11 g sugars. Kosher. Ready to eat and doughlicious. Product sold by weight not volume. Contents may settle. Mrs. Fields. In 1977, a woman entrepreneur started a business in her kitchen with a homemade chocolate chip cookie recipe and a dream. Today, Debbi Fields is a modern American classic, her name synonymous with sweetness and success, and her legacy is carried on by a company of dedicated cookie-makers who take pride in making the Mrs. Fields experience the best it can be. www.MrsFieldsMoments.com. Made in the USA.
Value: 8.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51An3nKgTgL.jpg,9.85
84196,"Item Name: Taylors of Harrogate Sweet Rhubarb Infusion, 20 Teabags
Bullet Point 1: Vibrant, refreshing and sweet flavouring. Caffeine-free.
Bullet Point 2: Ingredients: Hibiscus, rosehip, sweet blackberry leaves, apple, natural flavouring, natural rhubarb flavouring (2%).
Bullet Point 3: For the perfect cup use one tea bag. Add freshly boiled water and infuse for 4-5 minutes. Serve hot or iced.
Bullet Point 4: 20 individually wrapped and tagged tea bags.
Bullet Point 5: Taylors of Harrogate is Carbon Neutral Certified, a member of the Ethical Tea Partnership, and Rainforest Alliance Certified.
Value: 20.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61yurtGH6oL.jpg,12.45
107365,"Item Name: Terrasoul Superfoods Organic Dried Plums Pitted Prunes, 1.5 Lbs - Fiber | Vitamin K | Preservative Free
Bullet Point 1: Grown in California, our pitted prunes are preservative-free dried plums that have been dried to a perfect plump and succulent texture.
Bullet Point 2: Certified Organic, Non-GMO Project Verified, Vegan, Kosher
Bullet Point 3: Pitted Prunes are a good source of fiber and make a delicious healthy satisfying treat. Our pitted prunes are the way a plum should taste.
Bullet Point 4: Every decision we make at Terrasoul is based on one guiding principle—your happiness. Our team of experts is dedicated to bringing you the highest quality foods at fair prices, and the measure of our success is your satisfaction.
Bullet Point 5: We strive to make every experience with our company and our products a positive one, so we’ve backed all of our products with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Just let us know if there is ever a problem, and we’ll make it right. It’s our promise to you.
Product Description: Our certified organic pitted prunes are preservative-free dried plums that have been dried to a perfect plump and succulent texture.
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71DelyOA1KL.jpg,20.99
26936,"Item Name: Keebler Sandwich Crackers, Single Serve Snack Crackers, Lunch Snacks, Cheese and Peanut Butter, 11oz Tray (8 Packs)
Bullet Point 1: Make snacking more fun with crunchy cheese crackers and the delicious taste of peanut butter in every bite
Bullet Point 2: Tempting peanut butter filling sandwiched between two cheese crackers; Irresistible snack crackers to please the whole family
Bullet Point 3: Made with real peanut butter; No high fructose corn syrup; Kosher Dairy; Contains wheat, peanut, soy, and milk ingredients
Bullet Point 4: Try them as a tasty bite at home, school, and on-the-go; Pack into lunchboxes, totes, and backpacks or enjoy as an afternoon snack
Bullet Point 5: Includes one, 11oz pack containing eight, 1.38oz packs of Keebler sandwich crackers; Packaged for freshness and great taste
Value: 11.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81UQzsbxuOL.jpg,4.39
272978,"Item Name: Green Giant Sweet Corn Niblets, No Salt Added, 11 Ounce Can
Value: 11.0
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81+kK3LEazL.jpg,7.04
45565,"Item Name: Unicorn Twist Pops (Individually wrapped set of 12 suckers) Great Party Candy and Favors
Bullet Point 1: Any reason is a good reason for candy! Fill those candy jars to the brim with the help of these Twisty Pops. A welcome addition to your candy buffet, these twist pops are great to use at birthday parties, baby showers, wedding receptions and more.
Bullet Point 2: Assorted fruit flavors.
Bullet Point 3: Each 3 1/2"" twist pop comes on a 2 1/2"" plastic stick.
Bullet Point 4: Individually wrapped set of 12 suckers
Bullet Point 5: Fat-free. Total wt., 7 oz.
Product Description: Any reason is a good reason for candy! Fill those candy jars to the brim with the help of these Twisty Pops. A welcome addition to your candy buffet, these twist pops are great to use at birthday parties, baby showers, wedding receptions and more. Each 3 1/2"" twist pop comes on a 2 1/2"" plastic stick. Assorted fruit flavors. Individually wrapped. Fat-free. Total wt., 7 oz.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61GunRYhIML.jpg,11.99
93888,"Item Name: Hall's Penuche Fudge, 1 Pound
Bullet Point 1: Hall's Original Recipe Fudge for Over 40 Years
Bullet Point 2: Only The Highest Quality Ingredients
Bullet Point 3: No Preservatives
Bullet Point 4: Smooth and Creamy
Bullet Point 5: Made Fresh To Order
Product Description: Hall&apos;s Candies Penuche Fudge is to die for! Fresh brown sugar and the highest quality ingredients. The best fudge available. Order online today, taste and see for yourself!
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/516z+RHFygL.jpg,29.95
237048,"Item Name: Bigelow Green Tea With Mint, All Natural, 0.91 Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Bullet Point: Bigelow Green Tea With Mint, All Natural, 0.91 Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Value: 5.46
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/912I-49VSnL.jpg,18.85
136095,"Item Name: King Arthur, All Purpose Unbleached Flour, Non-GMO Project Verified, Certified Kosher, No Preservatives, 10 Pounds (Packaging May Vary)
Bullet Point 1: Our all-purpose flour is an essential ingredient for every baker yielding exceptional results. Unbleached and unbromated, this flour is milled to be versatile: strong enough for bread, and gentle enough for tender, delicate scones and cakes
Bullet Point 2: Milled from the finest American wheat, our all-purpose flour is prized by chefs, bakeries, and culinary schools around the country for its consistency and performance. This all-purpose flour is also 100% US hard red wheat grown on American farms
Bullet Point 3: King Arthur All Purpose Unbleached Flour is Non-GMO Project Verified; Certified Kosher and has 11.7% protein content
Bullet Point 4: Founded in 1790, King Arthur is a 100% Employee-Owned Company, a founding B Corporation and the nation's premier baking resource, offering everything from top-quality baking products to inspiring recipes
Bullet Point 5: We are King Arthur Baking Company. Our name and logo reflect who we've always been and always will be: bakers who are committed to spreading the simple joy of baking
Value: 10.0
Unit: pound
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/716Dh4HqnrL.jpg,11.485
282038,"Item Name: Spectrum Walnut Oil, 16 oz
Bullet Point: Spectrum
Value: 16.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61xbOKJ1eHL.jpg,9.715
270438,"Item Name: Kerrs Scotch Mints 500g/17.63oz {Imported from Canada}
Bullet Point 1: The classic naturally flavoured, round peppermint candy.
Bullet Point 2: Imported from Canada
Bullet Point 3: Great taste
Product Description: Kerrs Scotch Mints 500g/17.63oz {Imported from Canada} The classic naturally flavoured, round peppermint candy. Imported from Canada. Great taste
Value: 17.63
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/513pOZgSkZL.jpg,24.99
108458,"Item Name: Todd Bosley's World Famous Ole Smokehouse Barbecue Sauce
Bullet Point 1: Made with premium ingredients, this Ole' Smokehouse Barbecue will quickly become your favorite!
Bullet Point 2: Don't worry about trying any of those others you think about at the grocery store, your search for the right barbecue sauce can finally end here!
Bullet Point 3: One taste and you'll know why it's ""World Famous""
Product Description: Made with premium ingredients, this Ole' Smokehouse Barbecue will quickly become your favorite! Don't worry about trying any of those others you think about at the grocery store, your search for the right barbecue sauce can finally end here! One taste and you'll know why it's ""World Famous""
Value: 13.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31ZPeeuknkL.jpg,19.99
171908,"Item Name: Trader Joe's Chile Spiced Mango Dried Fruit (4 Pack)
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91hcnJxfVJL.jpg,30.94
231177,"Item Name: Davidson's Organics, Moringa Strawberry Rose, Loose Leaf Tea, 16-Ounce Bag
Bullet Point 1: Moringa Strawberry Rose (loose leaf) is a tropical infusion in a seductively delicious cup. Infused with sweet notes of ripe strawberries and delicate rose petals, this fragrant blend is delightfully decadent and is refreshing served hot or over ice. Davidson's Moringa Strawberry Rose offers delicate floral top notes with a refreshing strawberry finish.
Bullet Point 2: LEAF TO CUP: From our farms in India to your family, Davidson’s Organics is a vertically integrated provider of premium teas at affordable prices. We grow, import, blend, package, and sell - overseeing the entire journey of our tea from the leaf cuttings to the infusion in your cup.
Bullet Point 3: ALWAYS ORGANIC: Davidson’s Organics is a 3rd generation organic tea grower delivering on its promise of providing top-notch USDA certified organic teas. Our teas are grown non-GMO & free from harmful chemicals and pesticides. We are responsibly sourced and sustainably farmed. We believe in the holistic health of our farms, farmers, plants & animals.
Bullet Point 4: A CUP OF WELLNESS: Davidson’s offers a diverse selection of tea blends for the most discerning palates. From loose leaves to tea bags & iced, and from ayurvedic to herbal, our organic teas deliver the perfect pick me up or a restful respite. Enjoy our balanced tea blends for optimal health and sipping pleasure.
Bullet Point 5: TRUST OUR TEA: Davidson's Organics was the first purveyor of fine organic teas. Since 1976, we’ve worked tirelessly to develop blends that are true reflections of their names, while being committed to sourcing healthy ingredients grown by generations of skilled small farmers. Enjoy Davidson's Organics, the organic tea that sets the standards for the highest quality.
Product Description: Moringa Strawberry Rose (loose leaf) is a tropical infusion in a seductively delicious cup. Infused with sweet notes of ripe strawberries and delicate rose petals, this fragrant blend is delightfully decadent and is refreshing served hot or over ice. Davidson's Moringa Strawberry Rose offers delicate floral top notes with a refreshing strawberry finish.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Xz3vX+uyL.jpg,33.47
295482,"Item Name: Ryvita Dark Rye Crispbread (250g)
Value: 8.82
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61NrJOcNi+L.jpg,14.9
146177,"Item Name: Milton's Organic Crackers, Olive Oil & Sea Salt - Certified Organic, Non-GMO Project Verified, Kosher, Made With Authentic Black Olives, Great for Charcuterie Boards - 6 Oz
Bullet Point 1: STEP UP YOUR CHARCUTERIE GAME - Milton's Organic Oilve Oil & Sea Salt Crackers are made with authentic black olives, extra virgin olive oil, Mediterranean herbs, and baked to light, crispy perfection. They're simple, satisfying, and deliciously organic.
Bullet Point 2: MADE FROM PREMIUM INGREDIENTS - Milton's Organic Crackers are made from premium, wholesome ingredients that are responsibly sourced and are produced in a facility that does not process tree nuts or peanuts.
Bullet Point 3: DELICIOUS YOU CAN FEEL GOOD ABOUT - USDA Certified Organic and Non-GMO Project Verified, these thin and crispy crackers stand out at any occasion. The delicious combination of grains, seeds, and savory seasonings are the perfect pairing for your favorite cheeses, meats, and spreads.
Bullet Point 4: YOUR GO TO ENTERTAINING CRACKER - Imagine your go-to entertaining cracker - but better. Milton's Organic Crackers are destined to become your new go-to for every flavorful moment, from picnics to parties, from lunchboxes to late-night snacks.
Bullet Point 5: BREAK OUT THE GOOD CRACKERS - It's hard to believe that something as simple as a cracker can change the way you snack and that premium, USDA Certified Organic ingredients can be the life of every party, but it's true! And the delicious proof awaits in every crunch of Milton’s Organic Crackers.
Value: 6.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61B+flhR4xL.jpg,6.99
233511,"Item Name: Blazing Star BBQ Ultimate Seasoning Bundle
Bullet Point 1: THE ULTIMATE SEASONING BUNDLE INCLUDES - 1 All-In-One Seasoning (10.4 Oz), 1 Beef Rub & Seasoning (12.1 Oz), 1 Pork'n Rub & Seasoning (13.7 Oz), 1 Reaper Rub & Seasoning (13.4 Oz) and 1 Scorpion Rub & Seasoning (13.8 Oz)
Bullet Point 2: MSG FREE -All 5 of our best tasting seasonings are MSG free but they are still packed with flavor allowing you to enjoy your food without the extra health risks.
Bullet Point 3: VARIETY OF FLAVORS - The ultimate bundle will give you great control over the flavor of your dish. You need a seasoning for pork, beef, chicken and veggies? Want it spicy? No problem! This bundle has got it all!
Bullet Point 4: THE ULTIMATE BUNDLE - This bundle will surely cater to your barbecue needs from beef, pork and even veggies! Don't let the word barbecue or BBQ fool you, because these seasonings can be used on anything and everything. This is truly the perfect way to elevate the flavors of your favorite dishes.
Bullet Point 5: VETERAN OWNED AND MADE - These delicious rubs are owned and made by a Veteran. Nothing but quality ingredients so lets get to cooking!
Product Description: <b>The Ultimate Seasoning Bundle Includes:</b><br><br>-1 All-In-One Seasoning (10.4 Oz)<br>-1 Beef Rub & Seasoning (12.1 Oz)<br>-1 Pork'n Rub & Seasoning (13.7 Oz)<br>-1 Reaper Rub & Seasoning (13.4 Oz)<br>-1 Scorpion Rub & Seasoning (13.8 Oz)<br><br><b>All-In-One Seasoning</b><br><br>Our All In One seasoning is perfect for meat, veggies, fish, you name it. This seasoning literally goes well with everything. No Sugar, No MSG, and Gluten Free! This comes in a 16oz seasoning shaker.<br><br><b>Beef Rub & Seasoning</b><br><br>Our Beef Rub and Seasoning is perfect for steaks, briskets and everything in between. Honestly we even have a lot of people that use it on chicken. It is a very complex salt, pepper and garlic blend with other intense flavors added. If you don't believe me check out the reviews in our official website.<br><br><b>Pork'n Rub & Seasoning</b><br><br>Our Pork'n rub is perfect for ribs, chops, bacon, wings and things. If you are looking for a rub that will take your ribs or wings to the next level, this is it. No need for sauce if you use this rub, but if you just love sauce than I got you covered there too. This is a large seasoning container that ain't going to run out after your first rack of ribs.<br><br><b>Reaper Rub & Seasoning</b><br><br>Our Reaper Rub and Seasoning is perfect way to spice it up with that sweet heat! If you are looking for a rub or seasoning that has great flavors, but you really like it hot than this is the one for you. Among all the amazing spices in this rub, I used the Carolina Reaper pepper to kick it up a notch. No need for sauce if you use this rub, but if you just love sauce than I got you covered there too. This is a large seasoning container that ain't going to run out after your first batch of chicken wings.<br><br><b>Scorpion Rub & Seasoning</b><br><br>The Scorpion Rub and Seasoning is Sweet like Honey with a Lil Sting. If you love the Reaper Rub than you are really going to the love the Scorpion. Even though the Carol
Value: 80.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81IOeN09gxL.jpg,79.95
204586,"Item Name: George’s Beverage Company 8 Pack Spicy Bloody Mary Mix - 1L Bottle - Gluten Free, All Natural Mixer
Bullet Point 1: George’s Spicy Bloody Mary Mix: Extremely drinkable with a spicy taste. Perfect thickness; not too thick, not too thin, providing a great mouthfeel. Derives spice/heat from fresh horseradish & our proprietary cayenne based hot sauce
Bullet Point 2: George’s product lineup prioritizes quality, responsible ingredient sourcing, and exceptional flavor, setting a high standard in the industry.
Bullet Point 3: Initially known for their craft bloody mary mixes, George’s introduced popular Spicy and Mild variants, celebrated for their classic taste and well-balanced flavor.
Bullet Point 4: Partnering with renowned brands, George’s expanded their range to include innovative blends such as Old Bay Bloody Mary and Zatarain’s Cajun Bloody Mary mixes.
Bullet Point 5: While George’s has gained recognition as the microbrew of bloody mary mixes, their product range has diversified to cater to a variety of tastes and preferences.
Bullet Point 6: With offerings like Lime Margarita Mix, Sweet and Sour Mix, and Strawberry Margarita-Daiquiri Mix, George’s continues to meet customer demands, providing gluten-free, natural ingredient-based products meticulously crafted for superior taste and convenience.
Bullet Point 7: Includes (8) 1L Bottles, Phone and tablet holder and tasting notes/recipes
Product Description: The product lineup from George’s is built upon a foundation of quality, responsible ingredient sourcing, and, of course, exceptional flavor. Beginning with their craft bloody mary mixes, George’s introduced the Spicy and Mild mixes, which quickly became favorites, boasting a classic taste with a rich, well-balanced flavor profile. As George’s expanded, so did their range of offerings, partnering with renowned brands to introduce innovative blends such as the Old Bay Bloody Mary, Zatarain’s Cajun Bloody Mary, Lea & Perrins Bloody Mary, and Frank’s RedHot Original Bloody Mary mixes. While George’s has earned a reputation as the microbrew of bloody mary mixes, their product range extends far beyond that, offering a diverse selection to suit various preferences. Continuing to meet customer demands, the George’s team has expanded their offerings to include an array of cocktail mixes such as the Lime Margarita Mix, Sweet and Sour Mix, Strawberry Margarita-Daiquiri Mix, Pina Colada Mix, and more to come! All George’s products are gluten-free and crafted with real, natural ingredients, ensuring authenticity and superior taste. Each product is meticulously blended to perfection, ready to be enjoyed with just your favorite spirit, making them the ideal choice for cocktail enthusiasts seeking convenience without compromising on quality.
Value: 33.8
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51VS7amdCnL.jpg,89.98
272332,"Item Name: 2 Gringo's Chupacabra - Brisket Magic - 12 oz
Bullet Point 1: Versatile enough to be used on any type of meat
Bullet Point 2: One of the most widely used seasonings on the Texas BBQ Circuit and a main staple in kitchens nationwide
Bullet Point 3: Use as a rub, add to your marinades and sprinkle on whatever hits your plate
Bullet Point 4: Sprinkle on salads, vegetables, french fries, popcorn and more
Bullet Point 5: Made in Texas with the finest ingredients
Product Description: 2 Gringos Chupacabra Brisket Magic Blend 12 Oz All Purpose Seasoning 50699 This award-winning blend from 2 Gringo's Chupacabra works magic on a variety of meats and vegetables — so don’t limit its use to just brisket. This proprietary blend of herbs and spices with a hint of brown sugar will send all your culinary creations to the winner's table! Add incredible flavor and zip to anything you sprinkle it on — including salads, vegetables, french fries, popcorn, and more! One of the most widely used seasonings on the Texas BBQ circuit, and a main staple in kitchens nationwide, one taste and you'll know where its popularity grows. Use as a rub, add to your marinades, and sprinkle on whatever hits your plate! Features Versatile enough to be used on any type of meat One of the most widely used seasonings on the Texas BBQ Circuit and a main staple in kitchens nationwide Use as a rub, add to your marinades and sprinkle on whatever hits your plate Sprinkle on salads, vegetables, french fries, popcorn and more Made in Texas with the finest ingredients Single Bottle of 2 Gringos Chupacabra Brisket Magic Blend Rub
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61HkVmUFOuS.jpg,15.95
20013,"Item Name: Orange Lemongrass Dandelion Root Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 560733) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Orange Lemongrass Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Lemongrass, Orange Peel and Lemon Peel that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Orange Lemongrass taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Lemongrass, Orange Peel, Lemon Peel and Natural Orange Lemongrass Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Dandelion Root Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Orange Lemongrass Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Lemongrass, Orange Peel and Lemon Peel that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Orange Lemongrass taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Lemongrass, Orange Peel, Lemon Peel and Natural Orange Lemongrass Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our prod
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/416OSc0laaL.jpg,33.5
248978,"Item Name: Jade Leaf Matcha Organic Cafe Style Vanilla Matcha Latte Green Tea Powder, Premium Barista Crafted Mix, Authentically Japanese, 15 Servings (5.3 Ounces)
Bullet Point 1: CAFÉ STYLE MATCHA AT HOME: Our vanilla matcha latte blend is crafted by baristas with the perfect balance of flavor and sweetness for you to make the perfect, coffee shop vanilla matcha latte at home. Make it your way with your favorite milk.
Bullet Point 2: EASY TO MAKE: Just add two teaspoons of vanilla matcha latte mix with 1/4 cup of warm water. When mixed, combine with your favorite hot or cold milk and enjoy. For a true café experience, froth your milk first!
Bullet Point 3: PREMIUM JAPANESE MATCHA: Authentically made of organic Japanese matcha, unrefined organic cane sugar and natural vanilla flavors. Our vanilla matcha latte blend is 100% USDA certified organic, plant based, gluten free, GMO-free, and delicious.
Bullet Point 4: CAFFEINE: Matcha contains less caffeine than a standard 8oz cup of coffee while still giving you an energy boost to kick-start your day.
Bullet Point 5: JADE LEAF MATCHA: Jade Leaf is proudly the #1 Matcha brand in the US*. We source our matcha directly from family owned partner farms across the Uji and Kagoshima regions. Our tea masters fuse traditional and modern techniques to cultivate leaves brimming with flavor and nutrients, creating well rounded flavor blends, not found anywhere else.
Product Description: Make your own deliciously creamy vanilla matcha lattes at home using our Cafe Style Vanilla Matcha Latte Green Tea Powder Mix. Made from a unique fusion of matcha grades to elevate the flavor profile of cafe-inspired vanilla lattes within the comfort of your own home.
Value: 5.3
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71tvh4-vXBL.jpg,10.99
81251,"Item Name: Ball Wide Mouth Bands With Dome Lids Wide Mouth Boxed
Value: 24.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Np34lzjtL.jpg,26.39
167614,"Item Name: La Choy, Chop Suey Vegetables, 28oz Can (Pack of 3)
Value: 84.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51El04Fid5L.jpg,10.02
124087,"Item Name: Alter Eco | Dark Chocolate Bars | Pure Dark Cocoa, Fair Trade, Organic, Non-GMO, Gluten Free (6-Pack Burnt Caramel)
Bullet Point 1: THIS IS A PACK OF 6 DELICIOUS DARK CHOCOLATE BARS - 70% PURE DARK COCOA - Our raw cane sugar, lush organic cream, and pastured butter are simmered to the brink of burnt for a masterful caramel crunch. Our Swiss chocolate maker drowns this golden alchemy in deep, dark Ecuadorian chocolate, and then adds a sprinkle of coveted fleur de sel de Guerande for a mouth-watering good measure. Each malty-sweet crunch is deeply satisfying--and nearly impossible to resist.
Bullet Point 2: FAIR TRADE CHOCOLATE - We ensure that farmers have been paid a price that enables sustainable production and living conditions, along with a premium to support the growth of the cooperatives and their communities! Our full process is made with care, so you can enjoy every bite, with a peace of mind.
Bullet Point 3: ORGANIC & NON-GMO INGREDIENTS - Certified by the USDA Organic and made with Non-GMO Ingredients! Our organic chocolate starts at the soil and is finished with FSC Certified recyclable packaging.
Bullet Point 4: CARBON NEUTRAL PRODUCT - We are Climate Neutral Certified, offsetting 100% of our carbon emissions through conservation and reforestation projects.
Bullet Point 5: A NAME YOU CAN TRUST: Since 2005, Alter Eco has been a trusted name in delicious and eco-friendly snack foods. Because we use all natural, organic ingredients in our chocolate, it is more susceptible to melting when shipped to warmer locations.
Product Description: 70% PURE DARK COCOA - Our raw cane sugar, lush organic cream, and pastured butter are simmered to the brink of burnt for a masterful caramel crunch. Our Swiss chocolate maker drowns this golden alchemy in deep, dark Ecuadorian chocolate, and then adds a sprinkle of coveted fleur de sel de GuŽrande for a mouth-watering good measure. Each malty-sweet crunch is deeply satisfying--and nearly impossible to resist.
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71+dDBiuSLL.jpg,24.33
291251,"Item Name: TRIPLE LEAF TEA TEA,JASMINE GREEN, 20 BAG
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Ve8sjpOfL.jpg,8.99
2511,"Item Name: Mandarin Orange White Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 540764)
Bullet Point 1: Our Mandarin Orange White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Orange Peel, Hibiscus Flower and Rose Hips that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Mandarin Orange flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Orange Peel, Hibiscus Flower, Rose Hips and Natural Mandarin Orange Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf White Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Mandarin Orange White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Orange Peel, Hibiscus Flower and Rose Hips that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Mandarin Orange flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Orange Peel, Hibiscus Flower, Rose Hips and Natural Mandarin Orange Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the m
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81oOUvDvhwL.jpg,50.76
206609,"Item Name: Albert's Alberts Sour Sprayer 12ct Box
Bullet Point 1: 12 individually wrapped sprayers per box Unique sprayer design for a fun candy-eating experience Simply twist the top to release a burst of tangy sourness
Bullet Point 2: Container type: Bottle
Bullet Point 3: Flavor: Mixed-Fruit
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71U2xzZmhxL.jpg,32.3
127502,"Item Name: Rule Breaker Snacks Brownies | Vegan, Gluten-Free, Top 11 Allergen Free | Soft-Baked, Great for lunchboxes Snacks for Kids and Adults (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: 🌎 PREMIUM NATURAL INGREDIENTS: Rule Breaker Snacks are meticulously crafted from premium, clean, real food ingredients you can feel good about eating and giving to your family.
Bullet Point 2: 🍃 VEGAN, GLUTEN-FREE, NON-GMO: Rule Breaker Snacks are 100% plant-based, certified gluten-free, Kosher and Non-GMO Project Verified. Yup, they’re better for you and better for the planet!
Bullet Point 3: ⭐️ TOP 11 ALLERGEN FREE: Our snacks are individually wrapped and free from the top 11 allergens. No peanuts, tree nuts, dairy, eggs, soy, coconut, sesame, mustard, shellfish, fish or gluten.
Bullet Point 4: 😋 SOFT-BAKED AND DELICIOUSLY GUILT-FREE: Less sugar and less calories than a traditional treat and packed with protein and fiber. Rule Breaker Snacks come in deliciously soft-baked flavors to satisfy your tastebuds without the guilt.
Bullet Point 5: 👍🏼 KID AND PARENT APPROVED: So yummy, they’ll never get traded for another kid’s snack! Perfect for the classroom, playdates, office desk drawer, a post-workout snack or as a topping for ice cream. Finally a snack parents and kids can agree on!
Bullet Point 6: ✅ SNACK TIME SOLVED: Breaker Snacks is a proud woman-owned small business (as seen on Shark Tank!).
Product Description: <p><b>The Best Guilt Free Treat You’ll Ever Eat</b></p><p>If we didn’t tell you, you'd never know that Rulebreaker Cookies are vegan, gluten free snacks you can feel good about eating and giving to your kids. Soft baked and chewy, our products are like the best vegan blondies and brownies you’ve ever had, only better.</p><p><b>How Do We Do It?</b></p><p>Chickpeas (yes, beans!) are first on our ingredients list. But you’d never know it. Rule Breaker Snacks taste like the real treats they are. </p><p><b>Nut Free Means Great for School</b></p>Snacktime solved with an allergy friendly snack. Give your kids a better-for-you lunchbox treat that they’ll love, packed with protein and fiber, and less sugar. Rule Breaker Snacks makes delicious brownies, blondies and other treats with all of the good stuff and none of the bad stuff. We thoroughly investigate every ingredient we use to make sure it lives up to our super-high standards. Made in a certified gluten-free bakery that is free from dairy, eggs, wheat, tree nuts, peanuts, sesame, coconut, fish, and shellfish. Certified Kosher. Our defiantly delicious brownies, blondies, and treats are vegan and contain no gluten, no wheat, no dairy, no peanuts, and no tree nuts - healthy desserts, allergy friendly and non GMO Project verified. They're kosher (KOF-K) too! Vegan treats - perfectly suited to a 100% plant-based diet. Your sweet tooth will love you.
Value: 22.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81SGP-WTZjL.jpg,29.99
261368,"Item Name: PureVia Stevia Zero Calorie Sweetener 80-Count Packets - 2 Pack
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81fCNg447XL.jpg,14.105
66293,"Item Name: Junior's Most Fabulous Single Serve Coffee (Hazelnut Torte, 100 Count)
Bullet Point 1: 100% Arabica Coffee
Bullet Point 2: Single Serve Coffee
Bullet Point 3: Locally Roasted in Queens, NY
Bullet Point 4: Has a subtle spiced nutty aroma
Bullet Point 5: Most popular flavored coffee in the country
Bullet Point 6: Combined with Brooklyn Blend
Bullet Point 7: An earthy combination of toasted hazelnuts and a hint of cinnamon
Product Description: As pioneers of the “bottomless cup,” the Junior’s philosophy has always been, “All you want, as you want it.” Today, Junior’s is proud to offer its freshly ground coffee to cheesecake lovers around the world.
Value: 100.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61RPNWh7-DL.jpg,38.0
19141,"Item Name: Blue Diamond Whole Natural Almonds (Pack of 2)
Value: 50.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Zq-An71rL.jpg,9.98
215554,"Item Name: Simply Doritos Tortilla Chips, Zesty Cool Ranch, 7.5 oz Bag
Bullet Point 1: Includes 1 (7.5 oz) bag of Simply Doritos Tortilla Chips, Zesty Ranch flavor
Bullet Point 2: Simply Doritos Zesty Cool Ranch Tortilla Chips are made from U.S. grown whole corn and cooked with sunflower oil​
Bullet Point 3: Simply Doritos Zesty Cool Ranch Tortilla Chips are made with no artificial colors or flavors added​
Bullet Point 4: 8g Whole Grains in every serving of Simply Doritos Zesty Cool Ranch Tortilla Chips​
Bullet Point 5: Simply, fun you feel good about. Our snacks are made with flavors from the brands you love and ingredients you can feel good about.​
Value: 7.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81L+2aEKbML.jpg,4.69
251784,"Item Name: Simply Organic Ground Cinnamon, 2.45 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: This is a fragile item. The % reflects additional packaging which is required for safe transit of this item.
Bullet Point 2: 2.45 Ounces; glass bottle
Bullet Point 3: Organic Vietnamese cinnamon with a 4% oil content that delivers intense, sweet flavor
Bullet Point 4: Certified organic; kosher
Bullet Point 5: 1% of sales supports organic farming
Value: 2.45
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81-93jAy9GL.jpg,5.88
280942,"Item Name: Podravka Liver Pate 100g
Bullet Point 1: Podravka Liver Pate
Bullet Point 2: Product of Croatia.
Product Description: Podravka Liver Pate is very popular in many ethnic European Markets. Try it on a piece of bread or toast for a delicious and convenient snack. Due to their distinctive taste enhanced with mild spices and their ease of use, they are appreciated by all groups of consumers.
Value: 3.5
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51QnM7KZ8UL.jpg,7.99
265271,"Item Name: Gourmet Milk Chocolate Covered Almonds by Its Delish – 1 LB Bulk Bag – Kosher Dairy Chocolate Coated California Almonds
Bullet Point 1: ❤️ SCRUMPTIOUS CHOCOLATE COVERED ALMONDS ❤️ – Delicious Milk Chocolate Covered Almonds are available in 1 lb Bulk Bag. Whether you're a surfer, athlete, or mom and dad, this is there for you when you need an extra pick me up to kick those afternoon carb cravings, a pre-workout snack at the gym Wow your friends, family members, and co-workers with a crunchy, chocolatey taste sensation, or snack at your own will.
Bullet Point 2: 🍒 FAIRLY ADDICTING ARTISTICALLY DECORATED VALUE SIZE 🍒 – Gourmet dark dairy chocolate covered almonds and almond beans 1 lb Bulk Bag by Its Delish brand. Skillfully crafted with delectable Almonds artistically decorated and thoughtfully packaged a box of chocolates. These are quite tasty and delicious; if you have weak willpower to knowing when to stop with tasty sweets, you might want to watch yourself with these because they are fairly addicting.
Bullet Point 3: 🍫 GOURMET PERFECT & TASTY MILK CHOCOLATE 🍫 – Milk chocolate is a bit sweeter. Its Delish treats have their own unique flavors and textures; the most desirable nutty flavor strikes the perfect balance of indulgence and smart snacking. A delectable assortment of snacking brings a delicious chocolate dessert with you for snacking, Candy bar, party favors, weddings, birthdays, baby showers, and for any occasion.
Bullet Point 4: ☕ ITS DELISH A-ONE QUALITY INGREDIENTS ☕– Scrumptious Mix Dark Chocolate Coated Almonds. Milk chocolate (milk powder, cocoa butter, sugar, almonds, and many more healthy ingredients). Also, almonds were packaged in heat-resistant packaging with a small cool pack. Natural almonds dipped in chocolate, perfect for pantries, movie nights, and on-the-go snacking, offer the variety needed to satisfy all your cravings and help support your lifestyle.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️ YOU ARE VALUABLE ✔️ – Its Delish dairy chocolate is Quality Certified, Kosher OU-D, Cholov Yisroel, Non-GMO ingredients, sealed by flavor for lasting freshness until snack time. Shipped to you fresh and so that you can enjoy at home, at work, or on-the-go. Our company also produces other food products like caramel, trail mixes, blend spices, and many more over 500 products. We assure you we keep all the healthy aspects in our mind while enjoying its Delish's healthy products.
Product Description: <p><strong>Gourmet Milk Chocolate Covered Almonds by Its Delish – 1 lb Bulk Bag</strong><br><br>The Milk Chocolate Almond is covered fine delicacy from inside and out. At its Delish, we use the highest quality Almonds to marry rich Milk chocolate. Try some for that special occasion and stock up for a good moment at the home, office, and any event. Milk Chocolate almonds are a decadent delight. You would love the variety of the different chocolates. It comes in one resealable and a beautiful package. Their chocolates are satisfactory as gifts in any celebration or special occasions or in one word to treat everybody anytime. Made of Dark Milk chocolate (starting with freshly roasted almonds then coated in delicious dairy milk chocolate, and many more delicious ingredients. These Almonds are a perfect on-the-go snack and also taste great with drinks. Birthdays, Valentines, Easter, Mother &amp; Father's Day Clients, Customers, and Colleagues, Thinking of you, Sympathy, Get-well, Condolence, or any Occasion. Lots of chocolate coating to offset the bitterness of the nuts.</p><p><br><strong>About It's Delish!</strong><br><br>It's Delish was established in 1992 and is located in North Hollywood, California. It's Delish is a food manufacturer and distributor who produces over 500 gourmet food products including licorice, sour belts, taffies, caramels, Jordan almonds, chocolates, nuts, fruits, trail mixes, spices, and the spice blends. It's Delish also produces organics and all natural products. We give you the opportunity to order from the factory direct!<br><br>It’s Delish! prides itself on the four pillars that are at the foundation of everything we do.<br><br>Innovation Quality Value Service</p><p><br>&nbsp;</p>
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61y2OL95+TL.jpg,21.99
255173,"Item Name: Realemon Juice 4 Case 1 Gallon
Value: 128.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51yYpfPIUgL.jpg,88.09
165947,"Item Name: Jelly Belly, Gourmet Jelly Beans, 30 Flavors, 7oz Bag (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Assorted Flavors: Enjoy 30 different flavors like gummy bears, licorice, and more
Bullet Point 2: Bag of Candy: 7 oz bag contains 4 servings of colorful, fun jelly beans
Bullet Point 3: Gluten Free: All jelly beans are gluten free and suitable for those with dietary restrictions
Bullet Point 4: Occasions: Perfect for birthdays, parties, and celebrations
Bullet Point 5: Made in the USA: Jelly Belly jelly beans are proudly made in the United States
Value: 4.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41tIYtq4p+L.jpg,5.49
185249,"Item Name: Swedish Lingonberry Preserves by Felix 14.5 ounce (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: Product Type:Grocery
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Dimension:8.610 cm L X16.891 cm W X21.310 cm H
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Weight:1.261 kg
Bullet Point 4: Country Of Origin: Sweden
Product Description: Felix Lingonberries 14.5 Ounce Jars
Value: 29.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51uxP6z295L.jpg,7.29
86828,"Item Name: Gerber Lil' Bits Baby Cereal, Oatmeal Banana Strawberry, 8 Ounce (8 oz (Pack of 2))
Bullet Point 1: Gerber Lil' Bits Baby Cereal, Oatmeal Banana Strawberry, 8 Ounce each (pack of 2)
Bullet Point 2: Baby's No. 1 food source for iron
Bullet Point 3: Made with VitaBlocks nutrient blend of Vitamins C, E, calcium, zinc and 6 B vitamins
Bullet Point 4: Provides essential nutrition with little bits of texture,Crawler stage Spoon-hugging texture
Bullet Point 5: Kosher oatmeal banana strawberry cereal
Product Description: This Gerber Lil' Bits Cereal will be a tasty treat for your little one's growing palate. It is a good source of iron, vitamins and minerals. This oatmeal banana strawberry cereal is ideal for older babies and crawlers. Your little one will enjoy discovering its delicious fruit flavor and textures. This Gerber baby cereal, 8 oz, features the VitaBlocks nutrient blend of Vitamins C, E, calcium, zinc and six different B vitamins for healthy growth and development. It is also designed to have a spoon-hugging texture for less mess. This baby food contains natural bits of bananas and strawberries your child will enjoy. It is available in an easy-to-use package that has a flip-top lid. This Gerber Lil' Bits Cereal is also suitable for kosher diets.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71dQ6zGCsKL.jpg,4.265
13491,"Item Name: QuikTea Vegan Turmeric Ginger Chai Tea Latte Mix - 10 Count Single Box - All Natural, Non GMO, Vegan Certified | Convenient & Easy Dairy Free Instant Chai Tea Mix | Healthy Coffee Alternative
Bullet Point 1: RICH & AROMATIC CHAI LATTE – Enjoy the bold flavors of Assam and Darjeeling tea blends, carefully crafted for a satisfying and flavorful experience.
Bullet Point 2: ALL-NATURAL INGREDIENTS – Made with ethically sourced, preservative-free ingredients, ensuring an authentic and simple tea experience.
Bullet Point 3: WARM & SPICY TURMERIC GINGER BLEND – A unique combination of turmeric and ginger delivers a rich and aromatic taste, inspired by traditional flavors.
Bullet Point 4: CONVENIENT & EASY TO PREPARE – QuikTea’s all-in-one pouches are designed for convenience—just add hot water, stir, and enjoy a perfectly blended cup.
Bullet Point 5: VEGAN-FRIENDLY OPTION – Now available in a vegan formula, made with coconut milk powder for a creamy texture without compromising on taste.
Product Description: Level up your chai with QuikTea’s Vegan Turmeric Ginger Chai Tea Latte, a bold and flavorful blend of turmeric, ginger, and traditional Indian spices. This carefully crafted chai latte delivers a rich and aromatic experience in every sip. Inspired by age-old traditions, turmeric adds a warm, golden hue, while ginger provides a robust and spicy kick. Now available in a vegan-friendly formula, this chai latte is perfect for those looking for a delicious dairy-free option. Whether you're starting your morning or looking for a midday refresh, this turmeric ginger chai latte is a great addition to your daily routine. Try QuikTea’s best-selling blend today!
Value: 8.45
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71SUnZynvjL.jpg,9.455
82516,"Item Name: Lars' Own Belgian Pearl Sugar, 8 Ounce (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: Includes 2 boxes of Lars' Own Belgian Pearl Sugar; Each box is 8 ounces
Bullet Point 2: Perfect for making Belgian sugar waffles
Bullet Point 3: Larger than Swedish Pearl Sugar
Bullet Point 4: Carmelizes when baked or cooked
Product Description: Lars' Own Belgian Pearl Sugar is used to make the popular Belgian sugar waffles. Added to the dough, this imported sugar caramelizes when baking to create crunchy pockets of sweetness.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41TNmMpVUCL.jpg,15.1
79135,"Item Name: CHIA
Bullet Point 1: It was recognized not only for its superior nutritional qualities, but also for its invigorating properties
Bullet Point 2: Best quality product
Bullet Point 3: Gluten-free and Non-GMO, Effervesce combines Authenticity with Elegance and Prestige
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61b8fLYNZDL.jpg,12.05
215511,"Item Name: Hershey Assorted Flavored, Halloween Candy Bulk Bag, 39.43 oz (125 Pieces)
Value: 125.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81+JbaIOXtL.jpg,23.09
2733,"Item Name: Sanded Clove Drops Old Fashioned Hard Candy 1 pounds Claey's Candies
Bullet Point 1: Flavor: Clove flavored hard candy drops
Bullet Point 2: Package: 1 pound bag of sanded clove drops
Bullet Point 3: Occasion: Perfect for birthdays and New Year's celebrations
Bullet Point 4: Brand: Claey's Candies makes these classic hard candies
Bullet Point 5: Specialty: Hard candy drops with a warm, sweet clove flavor
Product Description: Sanded Clove Drops. A delicious Clove flavored old fashioned sugar-sanded hard candy. This listing is for a bulk 1 pound bag of Claey's sanded clove drops.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51cIINMY7uL.jpg,20.78
105749,"Item Name: Plum Organics Stage 2 Organic Baby Food, Pear & Mango, 4 Ounce Pouch, 4 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: ORGANIC BABY FOOD PUREE WITH PEAR: Certified Organic & Non-GMO Project Verified, with 3 grams of fiber per pouch from pear and mango
Bullet Point 2: FRUITS FOR STAGE 2 FEEDING: Perfect for 6+ months, our organic baby food blends are unsweetened, unsalted and Kosher Parve
Bullet Point 3: RESEALABLE POUCHES ARE EASY TO USE: Non-BPA pouches can serve as much yummy, nutritious food as baby needs at home or on-the-go
Bullet Point 4: WE'RE A B CORP: At Plum Organics, we're committed to our customers and our planet, and are focused on sustainable product design and safe ingredient sourcing
Bullet Point 5: Ships as a single 4 ounce resealable organic baby food pouch
Value: 4.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81hNgX0weKL.jpg,2.08
272720,"Item Name: Honey Stinger Organic Energy Chews, Cherry Blossom, 1.8 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: CONVENIENT: The ideal snack for athletes on-the-move, before or during workouts. Our Chews taste great and don’t stick to your teeth.
Bullet Point 2: FUEL FOR EVERY ACTIVITY: Honey provides a sustained energy boost without the crash. Its low-glycemic qualities are perfected by nature, not born in a lab.
Bullet Point 3: USDA CERTIFIED ORGANIC and CERTIFIED GLUTEN FREE: Energy Chews are USDA Certified Organic and Certified Gluten Free.
Bullet Point 4: 160 CALORIES: Each packet of Energy Chews has 160 calories
Value: 21.6
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/412a3LWBWgL.jpg,27.74
168686,"Item Name: Nestle Coffee-mate Hazelnut Liquid Coffee Creamer 16 oz (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Shelf-Stable--No Need to Worry About Spoilage
Bullet Point 2: Transforms Your Coffee into Creamy Deliciousness
Bullet Point 3: Non-Dairy
Bullet Point 4: Lactose Free
Bullet Point 5: Cholesterol Free
Product Description: Linger over a warm cup blended with the nutty sweetness of Hazelnut. Creamy and richly satisfying, this popular flavor makes a flavorful cup that's always a pleasure.
Value: 96.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71g5OYu1EVL.jpg,2.72
3788,"Item Name: Duncan Hines Easy Cake Kit Golden Fudge Cake Mix, 8.4 OZ
Bullet Point 1: One 8.4 oz Duncan Hines Easy Cake Kit Golden Fudge Cake Mix
Bullet Point 2: Rich batter bakes into a golden cake with a delicious chocolate fudge frosting
Bullet Point 3: Timeless favorite sized for small gatherings
Bullet Point 4: Makes one 6 inch cake in the provided cake pan
Bullet Point 5: Simply add water, oil and an egg for an easy batter
Value: 8.48
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91U7LoGxMsL.jpg,2.92
177943,"Item Name: Chefmaster Neon Orange Liqua-Gel® Food Coloring | Vibrant Color | Professional-Grade Dye for Icing, Frosting, Fondant | Baking & Decorating | Fade-Resistant | Easy-to-Use | Made in USA | 2.3 oz
Bullet Point 1: Eye-Catching Color Premium blends add vivid, rich, fade-resistant, true-to-shade colors that are made specially for your baking and cake decorating. Our assortment of soft gel food coloring includes a rainbow of hues from neon, pastel, primary, and more. Mix our gels for a seemingly limitless color palette!
Bullet Point 2: Infinite Applications Let your creativity flow with colored icings, fondants, gum pastes, batters, cake frostings, and more. Amuse your kids with bright blue pancakes, join in the process of making slime, arts and crafts.
Bullet Point 3: Quality Ingredients Liqua-Gel food coloring is gluten-free, certified kosher, vegan-friendly, and halal. Our professional grade formula provides the tint you want without altering the taste, texture, or consistency of your finished baked goods.
Bullet Point 4: Highly Concentrated Liqua-Gel Each drop provides high impact, vibrant color. With a flip top lid and no-drip squeeze bottle, you can easily control the number of drops added.
Bullet Point 5: Manufactured in the USA With over 85 years of experience in coloring food products and overall, 120 years in the bakery industry, we pride ourselves on formulating blends to meet your one-of-a-kind creations. Our Chefmaster collection is made in Fullerton, CA.
Product Description: Let your imagination run wild with our high-quality Liqua-Gel Food Colorings! Chefmaster offers brilliant, fade-resistant hues in neon, pastel, primary, and more. Blend your own shades for a full spectrum of colors. These gels are an ideal choice for icing, frosting, fondant, and batter. Our professional-grade formula is gluten-free, certified kosher, vegan-friendly, and halal. Food-safe ingredients provide the concentrated color you want without changing the taste, texture, or consistency of your baked goods.
Value: 2.3
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61FP3GxEacL.jpg,9.99
39160,"Item Name: SIMPLY ORGANIC EXTRACT VANILLA ORG, 2 OZ
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31RENTK45fL.jpg,76.53
164369,"Item Name: KaBloom PRIME NEXT DAY DELIVERY - Mother’s Day Collection - Cupid's Roses Romantic Bouquet of 9 Red and 9 Pink Roses with Vase.Gift for Birthday, Thank You, Valentine, Mother’s Day Fresh Flowers
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81OUGCBVe5L.jpg,61.42
146900,"Item Name: Lavender Lemongrass Decaf Black Tea (50 tea bags, ZIN: 535376) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Lavender Lemongrass Decaf Black Tea is a wonderful flavored decaffeinated Black tea with Lavender Flowers, Lemongrass and Lemon Peel. You will enjoy the simple and elegant Lavender Lemongrass taste! - Ingredients: Decaf Black tea, Lavender Flowers, Lemongrass, Lemon Peel and Natural Lavender Lemongrass Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 50 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Black Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Lavender Lemongrass Decaf Black Tea is a wonderful flavored decaffeinated Black tea with Lavender Flowers, Lemongrass and Lemon Peel. You will enjoy the simple and elegant Lavender Lemongrass taste! - Ingredients: Decaf Black tea, Lavender Flowers, Lemongrass, Lemon Peel and Natural Lavender Lemongrass Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affor
Value: 150.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81gW5qlxAyL.jpg,117.49
71599,"Item Name: Nissin Hot & Spicy Fire Wok, Scorchin' Sesame Shrimp, 4.55 Ounce (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: Signature Fire Sauce Packet, unique for each flavor
Bullet Point 2: Comes with a vegetable packet
Bullet Point 3: Thick and hearty noodles with tapioca starch for a nice, chewy texture
Bullet Point 4: Thick and hearty noodles with tapioca starch for a nice, chewy texture
Bullet Point 5: Taste the Rush! Bold noodles inspired by popular Szechuan street food, topped with the perfect blend of savory sesame paste and shrimp, and finished with a rush of chili oil and Szechuan peppercorns
Value: 4.55
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91uQJTDX4AL.jpg,1.5350000000000001
31805,"Item Name: Seminole Florida Stone Crab Sauce
Bullet Point 1: Seminole Florida Stone Crab Sauce
Bullet Point 2: 9 ounce bottle (255 g) of sweet-savory goodness
Bullet Point 3: The perfect condiment for South Florida's finest - Stone Crab Claws
Product Description: Seminole products are always made fresh to order with the finest ingredients. Try Seminole's fresh ground horseradish, cocktail sauce & tartar sauce, Horseradish sauce & chopped garlic. Quality seal.
Value: 9.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41fM5KILO9L.jpg,14.95
65177,"Item Name: Shameless Snacks - Healthy Low Calorie Snacks, Low Carb Keto Gummies (Gluten Free Candy) - 6 Pack Wassup Watermelon
Bullet Point 1: LIP SMACKIN' FLAVOR: Carefully crafted and tested fruit candy to taste just as good as classic candy — but without all the carbs, sugar, or calories. Wassup Watermelon Gummies gummy candies are bursting with juicy melon flavor — making them the ultimate swap for your childhood favs.
Bullet Point 2: 70 CALORIES PER BAG: Compare that to an equal serving of candy-aisle gummies, which have a whopping 166 calories on average! Keto gummies, keto candy, healthy candy by Shameless.
Bullet Point 3: 3G SUGAR: At 3g of sugar per bag, Shameless Snacks sour candies have up to 92% less sugar than regular candy, with the same great taste! True exotic candy gummies.
Bullet Point 4: KETO-FRIENDLY: With 3g of Net Carbs per bag, these gummy snacks are a great way to satisfy your cravings without the high-carb count. 6 pack candy bulk package.
Bullet Point 5: VEGAN: Shameless Snacks healthy candies are proudly made without any animal products! Shameless sour gummies are great vegan gummies and smart sweets for smart people.
Product Description: We designed Shameless Snacks to have the same flavor and texture of your childhood favorites but without all the sugar and artificial junk. One bag of Shameless Snacks gummies has 70 calories, that's 62% less calories than regular candy. Next, compare our 3g of sugar per bag to an average of 40g of sugar in traditional gummies that's 92% less sugar! And unlike most other brands, Shameless Snacks are gluten-free, keto-friendly, vegan, and made with real fruit flavors & colors. So go ahead, eat the whole bag — guilt-free!
Value: 10.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/813SLR6h68L.jpg,3.29
91401,"Item Name: Rice Krispies Treats Crispy Marshmallow Squares, Kids Snacks, Snack Bars, Original, 12.4oz Box (16 Bars)
Bullet Point 1: Rice Krispies Treats Snack Bars are a delicious snack for everyday family moments; Perfectly sized, ready-to-enjoy marshmallowy treat
Bullet Point 2: Enjoy puffed, oven-toasted rice cereal and the flavor of soft marshmallows in every bite; The classic, delicious snack families love
Bullet Point 3: Discover sweet flavor and crispy texture; Only 90 calories per bar; No high fructose corn syrup; Contains milk and soy ingredients
Bullet Point 4: Bring on a road trip, pop a square in your kid's backpack or lunchbox; Stow some in your tote bag or desk for anytime snacking
Bullet Point 5: Includes one, 12.4oz box containing 16 Rice Krispies Treats Original Marshmallow Snack Bars; Packaged for freshness and great taste
Value: 12.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71JO6p3kTQL.jpg,4.99
59342,"Item Name: Flavor Expressions Garlic Parmesan
Bullet Point 1: Seasoned coating mix
Bullet Point 2: Oven and air fryer friendly
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81qV+enRfRL.jpg,8.17
250421,"Item Name: Milk Magic Strawberry Milk Flavoring Straws, Includes 72 Milk Straws
Bullet Point 1: ENCOURAGE MORE MILK DRINKING - We all know that milk does a body good, but many growing kids want more flavorful drinks. With Magic Milk Straws, even the most reluctant kids (and adults, too!) will be begging to drink a glass of milk everyday.
Bullet Point 2: FUN AND FLAVORFUL - Each Magic Milk Straw is crammed with all-natural flavor beads which transform your milk into a delicious treat. As you take a long sip, the flavor beads inside the straw begin to dissolve and infuse their delicious taste into your milk.
Bullet Point 3: EASY FOR ON-THE-GO USE - Milk Straws are easy to store and require no refrigeration. They easily pack into a lunch box, purse, diaper, or laptop bag, allowing you a delicious treat at any given moment. Just simply drop a Magic Milk Straw into a glass of milk and turn a mundane drink into a special treat.
Bullet Point 4: GLUTEN-FREE AND LOW CALORIE - Each straw serving is only 20 calories, gluten-free, BPA-free, and non-GMO
Bullet Point 5: INCLUDES 72 STRAWBERRY MILK FLAVORING STRAWS (3 x 24 CT BOXES) - Milk Magic straws are also available in the following flavors: Chocolate, Cotton Candy, Cookies and Cream, Bubble Gum, Cream Soda, and many more.
Product Description: These are the straws that started it all. Milk Magic, the easiest and most fun way to flavor a glass of milk. These fun straws have been helping parents persuade picky drinkers to sip their milk and have empty glasses for over a decade. With over half a billion straws sold and a wide variety of different, fun flavors, Milk Magic has become a staple item in homes across the country. Milk Magic is all about creating an experience while drinking milk. For many kids, and their parents, drinking milk is a struggle. Knowing this we set out to create an easier way to flavor milk, to ease that struggle, and create a little fun in it's absence. Our straws have fun candy flavors, without all the extra sugar. All of our straws have less than six grams of sugar, much less than other milk flavorings, just enough to add a flavor to the milk and make it an experience. They are also only 20 calories per serving. Milk Magic straws are also portion controlled, no scooping, measuring or stirring, just Dip, Sip, and Enjoy! Create an experience around drinking milk and watch it disappear, with Milk Magic. As always, all of our products are gluten free, non-GMO, and BPA free straws.
Value: 72.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61n6HbTXPkL.jpg,25.95
55945,"Item Name: Ann Clark Mocha Brown Food Coloring Gel .70 oz. Professional Grade Made in USA
Bullet Point 1: Vibrant Colors: Brighter, more concentrated food coloring gel for icing, frosting, cakes, cupcakes, and cookies. One tube colors enough icing for 32 two-layer cakes!
Bullet Point 2: Mocha Brown Food Coloring: Delivers rich, beautiful color in a new, highly concentrated gel.
Bullet Point 3: Easy to Use: Our premium gel food coloring is easier to control, drop by drop, than low-quality liquid dyes. Blend the perfect shade with less mess and more precision!
Bullet Point 4: Allergen Free: No peanuts, tree nuts, gluten, eggs, dairy, soy, fish or shellfish. Non-GMO, Kosher, and vegan.
Bullet Point 5: Made in USA: Manufactured with pride at Ann Clark's food production facility in Rutland, Vermont.
Product Description: Our food coloring gel makes life more colorful when you add a drop to your cookie icing, cake frosting, and crafts. Ann Clark Cookie Cutters’ new and improved Food Coloring Gel is rich in color and easy to use. Our broad spectrum of colors allows you to blend the perfect shade with less mess and more control with our easy-squeeze tubes and portion control caps. Each tube measures approximately 4 inches by 0.75 inches and contains 20 grams of highly concentrated food coloring gel. Certified Non-GMO, Kosher, vegan and allergen Free: No wheat, milk, eggs, soy, peanuts or tree nuts. Proudly made in the USA.
Value: 0.7
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41ASRwaYI7L.jpg,6.99
172952,"Item Name: vitaminwater Zero Rise Water, 16.9 Fl Oz (pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Antioxidant vitamin c
Bullet Point 2: Flavored nutrient enhanced water beverage with zero calories
Bullet Point 3: Vitaminwater zero rise orange an excellent source of vitamins and hydration
Value: 101.4
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81qqn54C5EL.jpg,6.99
184656,"Item Name: Neutrogena Ultra Light Cleansing Oil & Makeup Remover, 4.5 Fluid Ounce
Bullet Point 1: 4.5-Fluid Ounce pump bottle of cleansing oil
Bullet Point 2: Rinses clean without stripping
Bullet Point 3: Cleans skin and removes makeup even waterproof mascara
Bullet Point 4: Doesn't leave any greasy residue
Bullet Point 5: Blend of fine oils effortlessly and effectively extract oil and impurities
Value: 4.5
Unit: fl oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71kU49xWrfL.jpg,9.99
195629,"Item Name: White Monkey Paw Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 510612) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: White Monkey Paw Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 510612)
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: White Monkey Paw Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 510612)<BR><BR>Packaged in the United States in a GMP certified facility (Good Manufacturing Practice).<BR><BR>No fillers.<BR><BR>Manufacturer: TerraVita<BR><BR>Size: 4 oz<BR><BR>Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!<BR><BR>Ingredients: Green Tea
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/812SlM7dJBL.jpg,225.55
194822,"Item Name: Premium Saltine Crackers Original, 8oz box
Bullet Point 1: Premium Saltine Crackers are topped with coarse sea salt
Bullet Point 2: Enjoy Premium Saltines dipped or crumbled into your favorite stews, soups or dips
Bullet Point 3: Premium Saltine Crackers make a great light snack, especially when you add cheese or peanut butter
Bullet Point 4: Premium Crackers are Kosher Dairy, contain no cholesterol, have 0 grams of trans fat per serving and no saturated fat (only 1 5g of total fat per serving)
Bullet Point 5: This includes one 8oz box of Premium Saltine Crackers Original
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41GPOyhDnaL.jpg,2.98
152840,"Item Name: Gerber Snacks for Baby Fruit & Veggie Melts, Truly Tropical Blend, 1 Ounce (Pack of 7)
Bullet Point 1: SNACKS FOR BABY: Gerber Snacks for Baby accompany every step of baby's journey at home or on the go. Gerber Fruit & Veggie Melts are made with real fruit and veggies for baby.
Bullet Point 2: TASTE OF GOODNESS: Gerber Fruit & Veggie Melts are made with real fruit and vegetable puree and juices, with strict quality standards just for baby. Contains no artificial sweeteners or flavors and no preservatives.
Bullet Point 3: MELT IN YOUR MOUTH GOOD: These snacks will melt quickly in baby's mouth. Made with Non GMO ingredients.
Bullet Point 4: BABY-LED FRIENDLY: Foods can encourage your little one's independence while exploring new textures and developing feeding skills
Bullet Point 5: The health and safety of your little one has been and will always be Gerber’s highest priority. We're a leader in infant nutrition, not just because we grow food that will feed your little one, but also because we know what nourishment your little one needs
Value: 7.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71x+OM+j-pL.jpg,3.68
72337,"Item Name: Barilla Al Bronzo Mezzi Rigatoni Pasta (14.1 oz.), Bronze Cut Pasta Created from a Reserve Batch Durum Wheat, Non-GMO, Kosher
Bullet Point 1: MEZZI RIGATONI PASTA: The heartiness of rigatoni pasta in a smaller size; Captures pasta sauce inside and out; Try with chunky sauces, mushroom cream sauce, tomato sauces, spicy sauces or in baked casserole dishes; Each box contains 7 servings of pasta
Bullet Point 2: AL BRONZO PREMIUM PASTA: Created from a reserve batch durum wheat semolina to deliver supreme deliciousness and perfect ""al dente"" texture in every bite
Bullet Point 3: EXPERTLY CRAFTED TO HOLD PASTA SAUCES: Al Bronzo pasta is expertly crafted for supreme deliciousness in every bite
Bullet Point 4: LAVORAZIONE GREZZA: Barillia's very own innovative micro-engraved bronze pasta dies create a robust texture and an extraordinary grip on any pasta sauce
Bullet Point 5: BARILLA AL BRONZO: From the simplest pasta dishes to special meals, elevate everyday with Barilla Al Bronzo pasta; Quality has always been a Barilla family tradition since 1877
Bullet Point 6: MADE IN THE U.S.A.: Al Bronzo is proudly made in the U.S.A. with U.S.A. and imported ingredients
Bullet Point 7: QUICK & EASY TO COOK PREMIUM PASTA: ""Al dente"" perfection in 15-16 minutes
Bullet Point 8: NON-GMO & KOSHER PASTA: Al Bronzo pasta is made with a custom blend reserve batch Non-GMO durum wheat semolina; Kosher certified
Bullet Point 9: FREE FROM MAJOR ALLERGENS: Al Bronzo pasta is lactose free, peanut free, shell fish free, fish free, tree nut free and soy free; Suitable for vegetarians
Value: 14.1
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41ueHr331oL.jpg,8.145
59184,"Item Name: Holiday Candy Mix - Goodie Bag Stuffers - 2 Pounds - Candy Variety Pack - Piñata Filler - Bulk Candies Favors for Party Bags - Individually Wrapped - Fun Size Candy Goody Mix
Bullet Point 1: Satisfy your sweet tooth with Lalees’ sweets!100% Certified Delicious. Great Birthday candy for pinatas, parties, and more!
Bullet Point 2: May include fun size rainbow chews, candy tablets, stick & powder candy, sour cubes, assorted taffies, assorted fruit chews, bubble gum, fruit flavored candies, candy rolls, red gummy fish, and sour gummies. Item is a variety and MAY NOT INCLUDE ALL LISTED CANDY.
Bullet Point 3: These Candies are a favorite of all ages – purchase your preferred candy in bulk to save money.
Bullet Point 4: Our classic candy confections are perfect for a quick and easy treat, for birthday parties, Halloween, office stash, and more! The options are endless with Lalees.
Bullet Point 5: Give the gift of giving or fill up your home pantry. Our quality ingredients make special treats for all to enjoy! We provide nothing but fresh candies and promise our customers will enjoy every bite.
Product Description: Satisfy your sweet tooth with Lalees’ sweets!100% Certified Delicious. May include fun size rainbow chews, candy tablets, stick & powder candy, sour cubes, assorted taffies, assorted fruit chews, bubble gum, fruit flavored candies, candy rolls, red gummy fish, and sour gummies. Item is a variety and MAY NOT INCLUDE ALL LISTED CANDY. These Candies are a favorite of all ages – purchase your preferred candy in bulk to save money. Our classic candy confections are perfect for a quick and easy treat, for birthday parties, Halloween, office stash, and more! The options are endless with Lalees. Give the gift of giving or fill up your home pantry. Our quality ingredients make special treats for all to enjoy! We provide nothing but fresh candies and promise our customers will enjoy every bite. Great Holiday candy for stockign stuffers, parties, and more!
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81MuEQe7ZHL.jpg,19.99
67074,"Item Name: La Preferida Organic Mild Green Chilies Diced, Roasted and Peeled, Gluten Free, 4 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point: La Preferida Organic Mild Green Chilies Diced, Roasted and Peeled, Gluten Free, 4 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/912l0WSPGLL.jpg,4.885
234638,"Item Name: Assorted Pastel Flower Shaped Candy Sprinkles 8 Ounce-Confetti Edible Ice Cream or Cupcake Topping For Kids Birthday Parties or Play Dates
Bullet Point 1: ADD A CHARM WITH BLOOMING FLOWERS SPRINKLES: Enhance your desserts with Candy Blooming Flowers Confetti Sprinkles! Add a vibrant charm, mesmerizing color, and a touch of whimsy to your treats. With captivating shades of Pink, Purple, and Baby Blue, these pastel sprinkles create a stunning visual appeal. Elevate your desserts to a whole new level of enchantment with these delightful confetti sprinkles.
Bullet Point 2: ELEVATE YOUR DESSERT WITH ARTISTRY AND PERFECTION: Elevate your dessert game to new heights of artistry and perfection with Candy Blooming Flowers Sprinkles. Your creativity soars as you decorate your treats with these enchanting flower sprinkles edible. Experience the harmonious blend of flavors and visual appeal, creating a dessert experience that is truly exceptional. Embrace the artistry and perfection that Candy Blooming Flowers Confetti Sprinkles bring to your dessert creations.
Bullet Point 3: TRANSFORM YOUR ICE CREAM INTO A FLORAL DELIGHT: Elevate your ice cream experience with Candy Blooming flower sprinkles edible Transform your frozen treat into a captivating floral delight with the magic of candy flowers for cupcakes. Each sprinkle adds an enchanting touch of elegance, turning your ordinary dessert into a work of edible art. Indulge in the whimsy and beauty of these confetti sprinkles as they take your taste buds on a delightful journey.
Bullet Point 4: DELIGHTFUL ASSORTMENT OF FLOWER-SHAPED SPRINKLES: Experience pure joy with a delightful assortment of Candy Blooming Flowers Confetti Sprinkles. Create a whimsical springtime garden on your desserts with these flower sprinkles edible. Every bite is a sensory journey filled with happiness and wonder. Let the vibrant colors and delightful textures transport you to a world of sweetness and bliss.
Bullet Point 5: EXPERIENCE A CRUNCH AND BURST OF SWEETNESS: Experience a delightful symphony of edible flower mix and flavors with Candy Blooming Flowers Confetti Sprinkles. Indulge in the perfect combination of crunch and sweetness with every bite of flower shaped candy. creating a truly satisfying experience. Elevate your dessert indulgence to new heights with the captivating texture and delightful taste of these confetti sprinkles.
Bullet Point 6: BRING JOY TO YOUR TASTE BUDS: Children will love the great taste and design of these colorful sprinkles. Blooming flower sprinkles edible come in different colors and are available in bulk, making them a great choice for everyone. These sprinkles always satisfy your sweet tooth and are sure to bring a smile to your face. Whether you're looking for a sweet treat for yourself or for a loved one, our Candy Blooming Flowers Confetti Sprinkles for cake decorating is the perfect choice.
Bullet Point 7: CREATE A SWEET AND FLOWERFUL TREA: Edible mini flowersSprinkles are well-known as a versatile topping for ice cream or cupcakes that can be used for different events and parties. These sprinkles are the perfect choice for children's parties, girls' birthdays, and little princess celebrations. The multi-colored sprinkles can be used to match the color theme of various parties, as they come in multiple colors.
Bullet Point 8: PERFECT FOR CHILDREN'S PARTIES AND CELEBRATIONS: Create unforgettable candy flowers memories at your little one's party with Candy Blooming Flowers Confetti Sprinkles! Specifically designed for children's parties, girls' birthdays, and little princess gatherings, these sprinkles add an extra touch of magic to the celebration. Transform ordinary treats into extraordinary delights, making every moment a whimsical and joy-filled experience with flower sprinkles edible.
Bullet Point 9: SURPRISE YOUR GUESTS WITH ENCHANTING CONFECTIONERY: Surprise and delight your guests with captivate their hearts and taste buds with the magical touch of these delightful treats. Magic of Candy Blooming Flowers sprinkles its charm, creating a memorable experience that will have your guests raving about your desserts. Elevate your gatherings and celebrations with the irresistible allure of these confetti sprinkles, ensuring an enchanting and unforgettable treat for all.
Bullet Point 10: SURE TO SATISFY YOU: At Naturejam, we are dedicated to providing you with good quality products and services. We want to ensure a hassle-free experience for you.
Product Description: Enhance your desserts with the vibrant charm of Candy Blooming pastel sprinkles. These delightful flower sprinkles bring mesmerizing colors and a touch of whimsy to your treats. With shades of Pink, Purple, and Baby Blue, they create a stunning visual appeal, elevating your desserts to a whole new level of enchantment. Decorate your treats with these confetti sprinkles to experience a harmonious blend of flavors and captivating aesthetics, creating a truly exceptional dessert experience. Use candy flowers for cake decorating and elevate your ice cream experience with the magical touch of Candy Blooming Flowers Confetti Sprinkles. Transform your frozen treat into a captivating floral delight with the bloom of colorful flowers and pastel candy. Each sprinkle adds an enchanting touch of elegance, turning your ordinary dessert into a work of edible art. Indulge in the whimsy and beauty of these confetti sprinkles as they take your taste buds on a delightful journey. Let the vibrant colors and delightful textures transport you to a world of sweetness and bliss. Experience pure joy with the delightful assortment of Candy Blooming Flowers Confetti Sprinkles Enjoy the vibrant colors and delightful textures that these confetti sprinkles offer, immersing yourself in a world of sweetness and bliss. Elevate your dessert indulgence to new heights with the captivating texture and delightful taste of these confetti sprinkles.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81dOfjtdD-L.jpg,12.99
33808,"Item Name: Tadin Mango Green Tea Bag, 24-count (Pack of 6)
Value: 144.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91hDjDtuAkL.jpg,26.99
124622,"Item Name: Simply Organic Southwest Taco Simmer Sauce, Certified Organic | 8 oz | Pack of 6
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61DKRZyJ5ZS.jpg,32.86
271271,"Item Name: Copper Moon Ground Coffee, Medium Roast, Hawaiian Hazelnut Blend, 12 Oz
Bullet Point 1: CAFÉ QUALITY COFFEE BREWED BY YOU: Hawaiian Hazelnut is one of our most popular flavored coffees. The hazelnut flavor is well balanced and blended seamlessly with the inherent flavors of the coffee, It delivers a sweet nutty finish reminiscent of the exotic islands of Hawaii.
Bullet Point 2: PREMIUM COFFEE BLEND: Hawaiian Hazelnut is a flavored blend that when upon brewing, fills the air with a comforting and warming aroma. This silky smooth blend of medium roast premium coffee is full bodied and rich in flavor. Does not contain Hawaiian grown coffee.
Bullet Point 3: COPPER MOON GROUND COFFEE: Copper Moon Coffee allergen free, Kosher certified ground coffees are prepared in single batches and perfect for coffee lovers whether you brew with a drip style, french press, pour over or reusable K-cup. We carefully mill the coffee beans so that each brewing style will be able to extract the deep natural flavors from the coffee. We also utilize a special process that removes the oxygen from the bag before sealing, This helps maintain the maximum flavor and freshness.
Bullet Point 4: SUSTAINABLE COFFEE SOURCING: Copper Moon Coffee has created our own globally sustainable coffee bean sourcing program focusing outwardly to achieve a positive social, economic, and environmental impact. We support farms that minimize harm to the environment, support fair treatment of workings and insures the long-term health and viability of coffee growing communities. We search for the best high elevation, low elevation, organic, single origin coffee beans from small family owned farms in attempt to enhance the wellbeing of the family and farm. Our goal is to bring you the freshest coffee for you to proudly brew serve and enjoy.
Bullet Point 5: HAND CRAFTED ON EARTH: Copper Moon Coffee's handcrafted process begins with hand-picked premium specialty grade coffee beans sourced from 5 continents and 17 different countries, then they go through a delicate small batch roasting process to ensure we bring out the best aroma and flavors in each and every coffee we offer. Whether you enjoy light roast, medium roast or dark roast, each sip of a cup of Copper Moon Coffee embodies a singular & delightful event.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Y0rOP+MmL.jpg,21.99
198446,"Item Name: Gatorade Fierce, Green Apple, 20 Ounce Bottles (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: When you sweat, you lose more than water. Gatorade Thirst Quencher contains critical electrolytes to help replace what’s lost in sweat.
Bullet Point 2: Top off your fuel stores with carbohydrate energy, your body's preferred source of fuel.
Bullet Point 3: Tested in the lab and used by the pros.
Bullet Point 4: Green Apple flavor
Bullet Point 5: 20 oz bottles (12 pack)
Value: 240.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71OWxQP-tYL.jpg,21.665
192504,"Item Name: La Banderita® Carb Counter Whole Wheat | 8"" Flour Tortillas | Keto Certified | 8 Count 12.7oz. | 4 Pack Case.
Bullet Point 1: Serving size (1) tortilla: 70 Calories
Bullet Point 2: 5g Net Carbs
Bullet Point 3: 11g of Fiber
Bullet Point 4: Made with Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Bullet Point 5: Keto Certified
Product Description: Enjoy La Banderita Low Carb Whole Wheat Tortillas in many different ways including fajitas, quesadillas, wraps and more. You get 4g of protein per serving! And they are Whole Wheat and perfect for Keto Diet! Our delicious Low Carb have no added sugars and they’re cholesterol-free. // Taste the tradition. Kosher Parve ═ Certified
Value: 50.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/819LqCiipBL.jpg,16.425
124436,"Item Name: Food to Live Orange Powder, 1.5 Pounds - Made from Raw Dried Citrus Fruit, Unsulfured, Vegan, Bulk, Great for Baking, Juices, Yogurts & Instant Breakfast Drinks, Contains Maltodextrin, No Sulphites
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ PREMIUM QUALITY & KOSHER: Orange Powder by Food to Live is a premium quality product. It is raw, free of sulfites, trans-fat, and cholesterol. Moreover, this powder is Kosher and suitable for Vegans.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️ MADE FROM WHOLE DRIED ORANGE: Unlike other brands that use orange juice, we make Orange Powder from the entire fruit by a spray-drying technique. It allows to obtain a highly concentrated powder with maximum original nutrients preserved.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️ NUTRIENT-DENSE, VITAMIN C POWERHOUSE: Orange Powder is loaded with vitamin C along with soluble and insoluble fiber, Pantothenic, and Folic acids. It also contains Vitamins A, B1, D, and minerals Calcium, Copper, Zinc, and Manganese.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️FRESH ORANGES REPLACEMENT: Orange Powder is a convenient form of fresh oranges, that can be easily incorporated into many recipes.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️MULTI-VERSATILE PRODUCT: Use Orange Powder as a spice for savory dishes or as a coloring agent in baked goodies. Add it to juices, smoothies, and yogurts. Moreover, you can use it for homemade cosmetic masks to lighten skin tone.
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71mLY5alJJL.jpg,26.26
256100,"Item Name: Malher Tomato Beef Bouillon 16 oz - Consome De Tomate y Res (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point: Malher Tomato Beef Bouillon 16 oz - Consome De Tomate y Res
Product Description: Malher Tomato Beef Bouillon 16 oz - Consome De Tomate y Res
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71RkdomkymL.jpg,58.76
41876,"Item Name: Streits, Matzos Lightly Salted, 11 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: No hydrogenated fats or high fructose corn syrup allowed in any food
Bullet Point 2: No bleached or bromated flour
Product Description: Grocery
Value: 11.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91cbBI1-8tL.jpg,6.49
76807,"Item Name: Aachi Lemon Rice Powder 7 Oz, 200 Gm
Bullet Point 1: Unique Fragrant
Bullet Point 2: Rich In Calories And Sodium
Bullet Point 3: Delicious Addition To Any Dish
Bullet Point 4: Natural Preservative
Product Description: Lemon Rice Powder is a quick and tasty spice mix used to make an authentic South Indian Lemon Rice dish. This spice mix is comprised of bengal gram dal, black gram dal, salt below 30%, lemon powder and spices. Lemon Rice is a delicious, mildly flavoured r
Value: 7.0548
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/A1rBlW4-CJL.jpg,8.99
132073,"Item Name: Steep Café Mint Herbal Tea, 50 Bags per Box, Single Source, Premium Whole Leaf Teas in a Sachet Pyramid Bag, Individually Wrapped in a Foil Pouch, Hot or Iced, by Bigelow Tea
Bullet Point 1: FULL LEAF: Steep Cafe Mint Herbal Tea. An herb prized for its medicinal benefits and distinctive flavor. Made with top grade peppermint, this blend provides a refreshing, soothing flavor and aroma, with subtle sweetness you're sure to enjoy.
Bullet Point 2: Individually Wrapped: Bigelow tea always come individually wrapped in foil pouches for peak flavor, freshness, and aroma to enjoy everywhere you go! Gluten-free, calorie-free, & Kosher certified; Bigelow tea delivers on all the health benefits of tea.
Bullet Point 3: Try Every Flavor: There's a Bigelow Tea for every mood and any time of day. Wake up in the morning with English Breakfast, enjoy an afternoon antioxidant boost from Green Tea, or relax & restore with one of our variety of caffeine free herbal teas.
Bullet Point 4: Blended and Packaged in the USA: In 1945 Ruth Campbell Bigelow created our first tea, Constant Comment, a strong, flavorful black tea blended with aromatic orange peel and sweet warming spices. Today, Bigelow is still 100% Family Owned
Bullet Point 5: Uncompromised Quality: Since 1945, Bigelow Tea has been a leader in premium tea and proud to be a Certified B Corporation - meeting the highest verified standards of social and environmental performance, transparency and accountability
Product Description: <p>An herb prized for its medicinal benefits and distinctive flavor, peppermint is a naturally occurring hybrid of spearmint and watermint. Made with full leaf, top grade peppermint, this blend provides a refreshing, soothing flavor and aroma, with subtle sweetness.</p><p>Like a fine wine, each cup of Steep Cafe brings an exquisitely delicate and flavorful tea to the table - creating a delightfully satisfying and lasting impression. No expense was spared in bringing to the public the best of the best. With over 70 years of tea blending experience their blenders have traveled extensively throughout the tea growing regions of the world to create the ideal blends for Steep Cafe.</p><p>Steep Cafe by Bigelow uses mesh pyramid bags made of translucent Soylon material, derived from corn starch. The pyramid shape provides greater space for each leaf to expand, releasing its superior characteristics and unique flavor nuances in the manner of loose leaf tea. Tea bags are individually wrapped to maintain freshness.</p><p>Each box contains 50 individually wrapped bags of Steep Cafe Mint Herbal Tea by Bigelow.</p>
Value: 50.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91fbeU2LO6L.jpg,36.435
9657,"Item Name: Aromasong 100% Natural Sea Salt From the Dead Sea, Fine Grain Table Salt, Large Bulk 2.43 Lb Resealable Bag, 100% Pure & Natural, Unrefined, Gluten Free, Sea Salt for Daily Cooking
Bullet Point 1: GOURMET TASTING - Prepare extra delicious food by using this cooking, baking & Seasoning Fine grain Sea salt. Sea Salt is unlike any salt out there, Its potent taste will spice up your Food with just a single pinch, Its Balanced, sweet, not bitter sea salt that makes every bite delicious!
Bullet Point 2: BETTER THAN MOST SALTS - Compared to Pink Himalayan, Celtic, Tibetan, Malaysian, French, Hawaiian, Irish, and Marine Salts, Dead Sea mineral baking salt will bring out the real taste of your food like never before, Try it once and you will get hooked!
Bullet Point 3: THE WORLD'S BEST, SAFE & HEALTHY - Our healthy sea salt comes from the Dead Sea. It has more minerals and is 30% lower sodium compared to other salts on the market, It Does not contain harmful contaminants. It is vegan-friendly, non-GMO, naturally gluten-free.
Bullet Point 4: BULK RESEALABLE BAG- Our Bulk pack of High quality sea salt makes it great to use for Brining, Canning & Pickling or just for your daily cooking!
Bullet Point 5: SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: Here at the Aromasong, we are confident that you will be completely satisfied with our products, which is why we stand behind every single item that we sell. If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, reach out to us, and we will make it right.
Product Description: Elevate your cooking and baking with our premium fine sea salt, perfect for baking sourdough bread and cooking. This non-iodized, non-GMO salt is free from additives and refined to preserve its natural minerals and flavor. Our organic sea salt is sourced from reputable suppliers and is available in fine grain and granulated textures. Try it today and experience the difference that natural sea salt can make in your recipes, from cooking to baking, and even as a finishing touch for cheese and seafood. With its pure and unprocessed quality, it's an excellent choice for healthy eating and cooking
Value: 39.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/816mwYeHcJL.jpg,14.39
39474,"Item Name: Simply Organic Organic Almond Extract ( 6x4 OZ) ( Value Bulk Multi-pack)72
Value: 24.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/419mGauI4gL.jpg,49.94
47207,"Item Name: Nestle, Coffee-mate, Powdered Coffee Creamer, Original, 16-Ounce Container (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point: 1
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Laxu8H-oL.jpg,12.614999999999998
129147,"Item Name: Mac's Original Chicharrones Pork Cracklins (1 Pack of 6.25 oz Bag)
Value: 6.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51wZHLdDWvL.jpg,4.12
169944,"Item Name: StarKist Solid White Albacore Tuna in Water 12 oz
Bullet Point 1: Dolphin Safe(R)
Bullet Point 2: Kosher Pareve
Product Description: Omega--3's*.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41Xrt5hO0CL.jpg,4.390000000000001
127274,"Item Name: Sahale Snacks Honey Almonds Glazed Mix, 1.5 Ounces
Value: 1.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81WWI5CNEJL.jpg,2.6
66204,"Item Name: David's Cookies Preformed Frozen Cookie Dough Oatmeal Raisin 80 count
Bullet Point 1: 𝐇𝐄𝐀𝐋𝐓𝐇𝐈𝐄𝐑 𝐀𝐋𝐓𝐄𝐑𝐍𝐀𝐓𝐈𝐕𝐄: David’s Cookies Oatmeal Raisin have no added preservatives making them a great substitute to replace unhealthy snacks. These cookies are the perfect snack to munch on when traveling with kids or having a sweet tooth.
Bullet Point 2: 𝐄𝐀𝐒𝐘 𝐓𝐎 𝐁𝐀𝐊𝐄: These preformed frozen cookie dough balls are a time-saver and very easy to bake. Just pop them in the oven, bake and enjoy, contrary to popular belief. Hassle-free delicious soft cookies in no time!
Bullet Point 3: 𝐐𝐔𝐀𝐋𝐈𝐓𝐘 𝐀𝐒𝐒𝐔𝐑𝐀𝐍𝐂𝐄: David’s Cookies Oatmeal Raisin frozen dough undergo excellent quality control measures. These delicious treats are OU-D Certified which is the highest food-grade certification in the United States.
Bullet Point 4: 𝐀 𝐓𝐇𝐎𝐔𝐆𝐇𝐓𝐅𝐔𝐋 𝐆𝐈𝐅𝐓: These soft cookies are also a great gifting option and come off as a thoughtful and healthy edible gift. Along with sustainable packaging, it is also a delicious option to give to kids or adults alike.
Bullet Point 5: 𝐀𝐌𝐏𝐋𝐄 𝐐𝐔𝐀𝐍𝐓𝐈𝐓𝐘: These preformed frozen and ready to bake David’s Cookies Oatmeal Raisin come in a package of 80 cookies in two boxes of 40 pieces each. This quantity of cookies will be the ideal snack for family, friends and large gatherings.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81wBcDHWoOL.jpg,54.95
212009,"Item Name: Generic R.ao's Arrabbiata Sauce 24 oz (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Premium Ingredients: Made with high-quality, natural ingredients to ensure a fresh and authentic taste in every bite.
Bullet Point 2: Rich and Flavorful: Each sauce is crafted to deliver a rich and flavorful experience, perfect for enhancing your favorite dishes.
Bullet Point 3: Versatile Use: Ideal for pasta, pizzas, casseroles, and more, making it a versatile addition to your kitchen pantry.
Bullet Point 4: Gourmet Quality: Brings restaurant-quality taste to your home-cooked meals, impressing family and guests alike.
Bullet Point 5: Homemade Taste: Delivers a homemade taste that captures the essence of traditional recipes passed down through generations.
Bullet Point 6: Perfect for Any Occasion: Whether it’s a quick weeknight dinner or a special family gathering, these sauces make every meal memorable.
Product Description: Enjoy the spicy kick of Arrabbiata sauce, perfect for adding heat to your favorite meals.
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41lL9D2+8cL.jpg,145.99
93408,"Item Name: Jelly Belly 1.9 oz. Bean Boozled Bag
Bullet Point 1: 1.9 Ounce Bag
Bullet Point 2: Gluten-Free; Fat-Free
Bullet Point 3: Bags are randomly mixed and may not contain all flavors.
Bullet Point 4: Vegetarian
Bullet Point 5: OU Kosher
Product Description: Bean Boozled jelly beans come in 20 flavors, 10 weird and wild flavors matched up with 10 look-alike tasty flavors. Is the black jelly bean Licorice, or is it Skunk Spray? Perhaps the blue bean is Toothpaste flavor, or maybe it's delicious Berry Blue.
Value: 1.9
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/812jPJMuMWL.jpg,6.8
201777,"Item Name: Food to Live Organic Dry Roasted Almonds and Cashews Mix, 8 Pounds – Unsalted Oven Roasted Nuts, Non-GMO, Protein Rich Trail Mix, Healthy Vegan Snack, No Oil Added, Kosher Blend, Bulk
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ORGANIC, NON-GMO, VEGAN AND MADE IN USA: Dry Roasted Almonds and Cashews Mix is Organic, non-GMO, Vegan, Keto & Paleo, made in USA, and free of trans fat.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️OVEN-ROASTED, NO OIL, UNSALTED: Organic Cashews and Almonds from this Blend have been gently roasted in an oven for enhanced flavor and texture. They’ve been roasted with NO oil and NO salt added.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️HIGHLY NUTRITIOUS, RICH IN PROTEIN: Organic Roasted Almonds & Cashews are both packed with plant protein, dietary fiber, “good” fats, potent antioxidants, Vitamins E, B6, K, and minerals including Copper, Magnesium, Phosphorus, Iron, Calcium, Zinc, and Potassium.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️PERFECT WHOLESOME SNACK: Crunchy and delicious Almonds and Cashews Mix makes an excellent snack that you can munch on at work, on a hike, road trip, on the go, or during a movie night. Take a bag with you wherever you go!
Bullet Point 5: ✔️BAKING INGREDIENT AND MORE: Toss Organic Dry Roasted Almonds and Cashews over your morning oatmeal, yogurt, cereals, salads, add them to granola bars, serve on a charcuterie board or use when baking breads, cookies, cakes, brownies, and more.
Product Description: Crafted with love, Dry Roasted Organic Almonds and Cashews Mix by Food to Live is another proud member of our Signature Snacks Collection. For this Blend we have chosen 2 most famous and one of the most nutrient-dense nut varieties and carefully toasted them in an oven without any oil added. Our Dry Roasted Cashews & Almonds Mix is Unsalted, Organic, non-GMO, Vegan, made in USA, free of additives, Keto and Paleo friendly. The Nutritional Benefits of Organic Roasted Almonds and Cashews Are you worried about losing on nutrients when opting for Roasted Organic Mixed Nuts? Since Food to Live’s Organic Cashew and Almond Mix is roasted with no oil, its Nutritional Profile is very similar to the Raw one’s. Roasted Organic Cashews and Organic Almonds are a powerhouse of “good” fats, dietary fiber, and plant protein, crucial for those on a Vegan or Vegetarian diet. What’s more, Organic Unsalted Nut Mix is packed with beneficial Vitamins B6, E, K in addition to various essential minerals including Copper, Magnesium, Zinc, Phosphorus, Iron, Calcium, and Potassium. Besides, Almonds & Cashews Roasted Unsalted are a source of potent antioxidants especially flavonoids and carotenoids. Antioxidants fight free radicals, playing an important role in promoting our general well-being. Finally, Roasted Organic Cashews and Almonds Mix is an excellent Keto & Paleo ingredient. The Versatile Uses of Organic Dry Roasted Almonds & Cashews Mix Organic Cashews and Almonds Unsalted and Roasted offer a delectable rich nutty flavor of Cashews, complemented by Almonds’ sweet notes and crunchy texture. Savor Food to Live’s Organic Dry Roasted Trail Mix whenever you need an energy boost: at work, on a hike, road trip, before or after a workout, or simply on the go. For savory snack lovers, we have the same Blend with salt. Apart from snacking, add Mixed Nuts Unsalted to your morning oatmeal, porridges, bowls, chia puddings, protein shakes, salads, and smoothies. Further, Organic Nut Mix is an out
Value: 128.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81h3Jb4V50L.jpg,89.99
174512,"Item Name: Sapporo Ichiban Original Ramen Noodles, 17.5 Oz
Bullet Point 1: Item Package Length: 17.526cm
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Width: 15.494cm
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Height: 11.176cm
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Weight: 1.36 lb
Value: 17.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71QhzyYORAL.jpg,4.99
154686,"Item Name: Angostura Orange Bitters, 4-Ounce(pack of 3)
Value: 12.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51lDQBucFzL.jpg,11.49
22275,"Item Name: Gourmet Almond Bark Milk Chocolate Candy 1 pound
Product Description: Milk Chocolate Almond Bark. Fresh whole almonds combined with delicious creamy milk chocolate!! This listing is for a 1 pound bag of gourmet milk chocolate almond bark.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/5135fdLr3xL.jpg,27.95
36991,"Item Name: Betty Crocker Delights Super Moist Cherry Chip Cake Mix, 15.25 oz. (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: CAKE MIX: Betty Crocker's super moist cherry chip cake mix is made with no preservatives and no artificial flavors
Bullet Point 2: QUICK AND EASY: Make cake without the usual mess; just add a few simple ingredients as directed and pop in the oven for a sweet treat any time of day
Bullet Point 3: ENDLESS OPTIONS: Prepare cake mix as is or get creative with your creative dessert recipes
Bullet Point 4: GREAT TASTE: The Red Spoon is my promise of great taste, quality, and convenience; This is a product you and your family will enjoy, I guarantee it - Betty Crocker
Bullet Point 5: BOX CONTAINS: 12 boxes, 15.25 oz
Value: 183.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91HB9P33xiL.jpg,8.9
112112,"Item Name: Todd Bosley's World Famous Meyer Lemon Blood Orange Pepper Jelly (2 Pack)
Bullet Point 1: Made with pure cane sugar, peppers as well as orange and lemon peels!
Bullet Point 2: Perfect for toast or sandwiches!
Bullet Point 3: One taste and you'll know why it's ""World Famous""
Product Description: Made with pure cane sugar, peppers as well as orange and lemon peels! Perfect for toast or sandwiches! One taste and you'll know why it's ""World Famous""
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81yo68EDkZL.jpg,24.99
211620,"Item Name: Melrose 92517DS 11 in. Styrofoam & Polyester & Plastic Berry Bundle Blue & Green - Set of 2
Bullet Point 1: Styrofoam &#38; Polyester &#38; Plastic Berry Bundle
Bullet Point 2: Set of 2Specifications
Bullet Point 3: Color&#58; Blue, Green
Bullet Point 4: Size&#58; 11 in.
Bullet Point 5: Materials&#58; Foam, Polyester, Plastic, Wire
Product Description: Add a touch of nature to your home with this beautiful set of Berry Foliage Bundles Featuring two pieces, these gorgeous stems bring fresh look with earthy green and natural blue berry tones, perfect for adding a natural pop of color to any room. Crafted from quality polyester fabric, foam and iron wire, these stems will endure for years to come. Add the pieces to a floral vase, arrangement, or wall basket to share the beauty with your guests. Features. Styrofoam Polyester Plastic Berry Bundle. Set of 2Specifications. Color Blue, Green. Size 11 in.. Materials Foam, Polyester, Plastic, Wire. Dimension 7.5 x 5.5 x 11 in.. Weight 0.75 lbs
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41ocPkPzLJL.jpg,33.29
238772,"Item Name: DYE INK PAD Stamperia Coffee
Bullet Point 1: Nice ink pad for DIY
Bullet Point 2: Contents: 1 item
Bullet Point 3: size : 8.5cm x 5.5cm
Bullet Point 4: Acid-free, dries immediately and compatible with alcohol markers
Bullet Point 5: Ideal for stamping and perfect for mixing ink
Product Description: <p>Want to express your creativity and give a special finish to your DIY projects? Then the DYE INK PAD ink pad from Stamperia is just the thing for you! This ink pad contains acid-free ink that dries instantly and is compatible with alcohol based markers. It is ideal for ink stamps but also for creating new colours by mixing inks. Wipe the ink pad approx. 8.5 x 5.5 cm on stencils or blend its ink to get an aged effect. Using water, the DYE INK PAD Stamperia is suitable for the pictorial technique called Lift-Color and can be used on paper, cardboard and many other materials. The ink pad blends perfectly with other products from the Stamperia Vintage Library collection. </p>- Can be used on: Paper, Cardboard. <br>- Air drying: Yes <br>- Acid-free: Yes <br><br>
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81EPOspMgsL.jpg,9.49
295040,"Item Name: McCormick Seasoned Meat Tenderizer, 5.5 Ounce -- 12 per case.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41WNlPbH51L.jpg,8.64
87665,"Item Name: Lay's Stax Chips, Buffalo Wings and Ranch, 5.5 oz
Bullet Point 1: 5.5 oz Container
Bullet Point 2: Easy on-the-go packaging
Bullet Point 3: Satisfying crunch
Bullet Point 4: Gluten Free
Value: 5.5
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71mK1OxYOvL.jpg,2.0
296813,"Item Name: Sabatino Tartufi Truffle Salt Seasoning, All Natural Gourmet Truffle Salt, Sicilian Sea Salt,Kosher, Non-Gmo Project Certified, 4 oz
Bullet Point 1: TRUFFLE EVERYTHING – with a pinch of Sabatino Truffle Salt you can literally Truffle anything. Put a little on steak, seafood, eggs, vegetables, and even popcorn.
Bullet Point 2: CLEAN LABEL - Our gourmet truffle salt is all natural, kosher, Non-GMO Project Verified, vegan & vegetarian friendly.
Bullet Point 3: SAVORY & SALTY - Sicilian Sea Salt infused with black truffle to add a gourmet twist to everything you make.
Bullet Point 4: CHEF's CHOICE - Our Truffle Sea Salts are the choice of chefs everywhere. Sabatino Truffles started out in the kitchens of the finest restaurants and now we bring our truffle salt to your home.
Value: 4.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61rgOxe0d7L.jpg,26.84
44704,"Item Name: Starbucks VIA Decaf Italian Coffee 12 packets, 0.11 ounce
Bullet Point 1: The rich and smooth aroma of a real cup of coffee
Bullet Point 2: Size: 12 Servings
Bullet Point 3: This is 100% Arabica coffee, ethically sourced
Product Description: When we set out to create Starbucks VIA Ready Brew, we wanted an outstanding cup of coffee that we could enjoy anywhere, at any moment. And now with the launch of Starbucks VIA Decaf Italian Roast “anytime” includes those occasions that call for the rich, bold taste of coffee – but not the caffeine. Sharing with guests after a dinner party? Relaxing on your red-eye flight? Rushing off to an afternoon meeting? You’ll find all of these situations (and a thousand more) are perfect for our high-quality, 100% arabica, naturally decaffeinated instant coffee.
Value: 1.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81e6sT2pXlL.jpg,21.46
197319,"Item Name: Muso From Japan - Green Nori Seaweed Furikake, Vegan-Friendly, No Additives, USDA Organic Seasoning for Rice, Sushi, Salads - 2.5 oz Pack of 1
Bullet Point 1: Vegan-Friendly Seasoning: Enjoy genuine Japanese flavors with this vegan furikake, designed to elevate your meals without any meat-derived ingredients or byproducts. Great for enhancing any dish!
Bullet Point 2: No Additives or Unnatural Ingredients: Enjoy peace of mind with this furikake, made without unnatural additives or preservatives, providing a pure, natural way to elevate the flavor of your meals.
Bullet Point 3: USDA Certified Organic: Made from premium organic ingredients, this furikake is USDA certified, ensuring a pure, top-notch seasoning option that aligns with health-conscious and organic lifestyles.
Bullet Point 4: Eco-Friendly Packaging: Packaged sustainably, this 2.5 oz furikake not only supports your culinary adventures but also aligns with eco-conscious values, making it a responsible choice for your pantry.
Bullet Point 5: Versatile Flavor Enhancer: Ideal for rice, sushi, salads, and more, this furikake adds a delicious umami flavor that enhances various dishes, making it a valuable staple in any kitchen.
Value: 2.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61XEaMzgZkL.jpg,42.0
270826,"Item Name: Pitted Dates by Its Delish, (10 lbs)
Bullet Point 1: Delicious Naturally Sweet Pitted Dates
Bullet Point 2: One, Two, Five & Ten pound bulk sealed bag
Bullet Point 3: Fresh, tasty and healthy, source of potassium, vitamins and minerals
Bullet Point 4: Great for baking, snacking, gift trays and mixed fruit
Bullet Point 5: Certified Kosher OU Packaged in the USA
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41xWbcTN3uL.jpg,61.99
185492,"Item Name: Classico Family Favorites Traditional Pasta Sauce (24 oz Jar)
Value: 24.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51vSKwyMsIL.jpg,2.99
198241,"Item Name: Barry's Tea Irish Tea - Irish Breakfast - Case of 6 - 80 Bags
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71BXh7pNIcL.jpg,52.99
191919,"Item Name: Paleovalley 100% Grass Fed Jalapeno Beef Sticks - Delicious Gluten Free Beef Snack - High Protein Keto Friendly
Bullet Point 1: The Perfect On-the-Go Paleo and Keto Snack: At 6g of protein per serving, Paleovalley’s 100% Grass Fed Beef Sticks will quickly satisfy your cravings without ruining your fitness and health goals.
Bullet Point 2: 100% Grass Fed and Grass Finished Beef: While others claim “grass fed” only to finish the livestock on grain, our beef sticks are made only from pasture-raised cattle in the USA and never given antibiotics, hormones, or grain.
Bullet Point 3: Gut-Nourishing Probiotics: What truly sets us apart is we use old world methods of fermenting our beef sticks, making them shelf stable and naturally rich in probiotics.
Bullet Point 4: Rich in Vitamins, Minerals, Antioxidants, Omega-3 Fatty Acids: Our beef sticks contain more nutrients than grain-fed beef, with higher levels of vitamins and omega-3s to support heart health.
Bullet Point 5: Small Company, Big Heart: At Paleovalley, our mission is to help people reclaim vibrant health. We provide products that prioritize nutrient density in an industry that prioritizes everything else.
Product Description: Paleovalley: 100% Grass Fed Beef Sticks - Organic Paleo and Keto Snack With Natural Probiotics - 10 Beef Jerky Sticks - Jalapeño Flavor - No Gluten, Soy, or GMOs - Shelf Stable - Made in the USA
Value: 10.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81a+PCgTYRL.jpg,41.75
294361,"Item Name: Traditional Medicinals Organic Nettle Leaf Herbal Tea, Supports Joint Health & Overall Wellness, (Pack of 3) - 48 Tea Bags Total
Bullet Point 1: HERBAL POWER: Supports joint health and overall wellness.
Bullet Point 2: TASTE: Earthy, fresh and grassy.
Bullet Point 3: PLANT STORY: In herbalism, nettle leaf is the mother of all spring tonics. Incorporating the nettle tea benefits of whole body support and joint health,* our nettle tea can help kick-start your body when you’re feeling stagnant.
Bullet Point 4: PLANT STORY: In herbalism, nettle leaf is the mother of all spring tonics. Incorporating the nettle tea benefits of whole body support and joint health,* our nettle tea can help kick-start your body when you’re feeling stagnant.
Bullet Point 5: 3 cartons containing 16 tea bags each
Value: 48.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71WT9lDx8PL.jpg,6.49
215947,"Item Name: Crafty Cooking Kits Betty Crocker Holiday Village Cookie Kit, Includes 4 Pre-baked Gingerbread Cookie Buildings, Icing, Candy Beads, and Sprinkles
Bullet Point 1: Complete Kit: Includes everything needed to build and decorate 4 gingerbread houses.
Bullet Point 2: Pre-baked Gingerbread: Ready to assemble and decorate for immediate fun!
Bullet Point 3: Easy-to-Use Icing: Perfect for sticking pieces together and adding details.
Bullet Point 4: Colorful Candies and Sprinkles: Add a fun touch to your gingerbread village.
Bullet Point 5: Ideal for Holiday Gatherings: A fun activity for families and friends.
Bullet Point 6: Great for Gift Giving: Create delicious houses to share or gift during the holidays.
Product Description: Build a delightful gingerbread village with the Betty Crocker Holiday Village Cookie Kit! This festive kit includes everything you need to create 4 charming pre-baked gingerbread houses. With ready-to-use icing and a variety of colorful candy beads, sprinkles, and gumdrops, you can unleash your creativity and decorate your village. Perfect for family gatherings, holiday parties, or a fun afternoon of baking, this cookie kit is sure to bring joy to your holiday celebrations!
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51O2YzWfjIL.jpg,34.99
64454,"Item Name: Nutio Creamy Hazelnut Spread - 92% More Hazelnut, 37% Less Added Sugar, Palm Oil Free, Gluten Free, Non-GMO, Cocoa Free, Peanut Free - 14 oz Glass Jar
Bullet Point 1: Bliss of Hazelnut with Creamy: Delicious, creamy, and incredibly smooth, discover a hazelnut spread that's in a league of its own. Our extraordinary spread boasts an impressive 92% more hazelnuts than the competition, ensuring a rich and authentic hazelnut flavor that takes center stage.
Bullet Point 2: Hazelnut rich, reduced sugar recipe: What sets us apart is our commitment to your well-being. We've reduced added sugar by 37%, making it a guilt-free pleasure that satisfies your sweet cravings without the excess.
Bullet Point 3: Palm Oil & Gluten Free: Moreover, our spread is Palm Oil-Free, Peanut-Free, Cocoa-Free, and Gluten-Free, ensuring inclusivity and catering to specific dietary needs.
Bullet Point 4: Many Ways to Enjoy: Enjoy this luxurious spread in various ways, whether spread on toast, paired with fruits, or incorporated into your favorite treats.
Bullet Point 5: Kosher Certified, Eco-friendly Glass Jar: We take pride in being Non-GMO, making a responsible choice for your health and the environment. Our spread comes in an eco-friendly healthy glass jar, a sustainable option that reflects our dedication to preserving our planet. Enjoy a creamy, delicious indulgence that aligns with your values and dietary preferences.
Product Description: Nutio Creamy Hazelnut Spread is a cocoa-free hazelnut spread that offers a delightful and silky smooth taste experience. Made with a rich blend of high-quality hazelnuts, this spread is a delicious alternative to traditional hazelnut spreads. What sets it apart is its impressive composition - it contains 92% more hazelnuts and 37% less added sugar than regular hazelnut spreads, making it a healthier choice for nut spread lovers.For individuals with taste preferences or allergy concerns, Creamy Hazelnut Spread serves as an excellent peanut butter alternative. It is completely free of palm oil and gluten, ensuring a more wholesome and allergy-friendly option. Additionally, the spread comes in an eco-friendly glass jar, emphasizing its commitment to sustainability. Enjoy it on a variety of baked goods such as bread, toast, waffles, pancakes, and croissants. It also pairs wonderfully with fruits like bananas and strawberries, adding a delicious twist to your snacks. For those who love smoothies, this spread can be incorporated to add a touch of creamy hazelnut goodness to your beverages. Creamy Hazelnut Spread is sure to satisfy your cravings and delight your taste buds.
Value: 14.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61tb5mAPn8L.jpg,13.99
189578,"Item Name: CAPTAIN TOADYS Tartar Sauce, 8 OZ
Bullet Point 1: Pure Gourmet Goodness Fresh From The Great Northwest
Bullet Point 2: Blending Natural Gourmet Goodness with refined ingredients to promote longevity & stability.
Bullet Point 3: Established in 1987: CAPTAIN TOADY'S TASTY PRODUCTS are the freshest and best tasting sauces available...anywhere today.
Bullet Point 4: Please refer ingredients on product prior to use and please consult your health professional with any health or dietary matters before use.
Product Description: Enjoy Captain Toady's Tarter Sauce (x ) Keeps fish moist while baking, and gives it great flavor (Please note information is descriptional only Please refer ingredients on product prior to use and please consult your health professional with any he. CAPTAIN TOADY'S TASTY Tartar Sauce is made with over 30 Ingredients that will delight your taste buds. Made with canola oil, less saturated fat than mayonnaise. If It's Tasty...It's Toady's. Enjoy Captain Toady s Tarter Sauce (12x8 Oz). Keeps fish moist while baking, and gives it great flavor (Please note information is descriptional only. Please refer ingredients on product prior to use and please consult your health professional with any health or dietary matters before use.). Blending Natural Gourmet Goodness with refined ingredients to promote longevity & stability. Established in 1987: CAPTAIN TOADY'S TASTY PRODUCTS are the freshest and best tasting sauces available. anywhere today.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41VrXXhrYlL.jpg,2.99
111069,"Item Name: Nutural World - Crunchy Nutty Chocolate Spread 35 Oz (1kg)
Bullet Point 1: &#9989; ABSOLUTE PURITY: Few ingredients – with no nasties added. Lightly roasted nuts, cacao and dates. No added sugar, sweetener, salt or oil (of ANY kind).
Bullet Point 2: &#9989; DELICIOUS: Great aroma and texture, a heart warming spread that would delight children and adults alike.
Bullet Point 3: &#9989; VERSATILE: Fabulous as a spread on crackers, on ice cream, used for baking or simply on its own – spoon straight from the jar as a guilt free pleasure.
Bullet Point 4: &#9989; WIDE APPEAL: Perfectly suitable for Vegan, Vegetarian, Paleo and Kosher diets, certified sugar free and made in a peanut free factory. A favorite of many nut butter lovers.
Bullet Point 5: &#9989; ARTISAN PRODUCER: Made in small batches, with love and care, by an Artisan producer in the UK.
Product Description: Made with a mixture of finely ground nuts (Almond, Cashew and Hazelnut) with a healthy addition of dates and cacao, we created a satisfyingly crunchy chocolate spread, free of any added sugar or sweetener yet sweet enough for even children to fall in love with.
Value: 35.27
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/813lQrINlkL.jpg,39.59
270971,"Item Name: Maybelline New York Define-A-Lash Lengthening Waterproof Mascara, Very Black 811, 0.22 Fluid Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Stunning length with clean definition and zero clumps
Bullet Point 2: Ophthalmologist tested and contact lens safe
Value: 0.22
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71g4Xoj402L.jpg,7.98
255696,"Item Name: Jack Link's Beef Jerky, Teriyaki, Multipack Bags – Flavorful Meat Snacks for Lunches, Ready to Eat Protein Snacks, Individual Packs - 7g of Protein, Made with 100% Beef – 0.625 oz (Pack of 5)
Bullet Point 1: CONTAINS 7g OF PROTEIN: Protein is an essential part of a balanced diet and Jack Link's Teriyaki Beef Jerky is a delicious way to get more. With 7g of protein and 50 calories per serving, it's a perfect protein snack for hunting season
Bullet Point 2: 5 COUNT BEEF JERKY SNACK PACK: This pack contains 5, 0.625 oz. single-serving bags so you always have a tasty meat snack on hand. Pack in lunches, bring to work, or take hunting to help power through anything the day might throw your way
Bullet Point 3: MADE WITH 100% BEEF: Our Jack Link's Teriyaki Beef Jerky is made of lean cuts of 100% beef. The taste is so great that it makes a great jerky gift for men or women alike! Kids and teens can stay fueled up at school too with great tasting Jack Link's
Bullet Point 4: FULL ON FLAVOR: We (arguably) didn't invent jerky, we just created the flavor that put it on the map. Our Teriyaki Beef Jerky is marinated with a blend of soy, garlic, ginger and brown sugar and slow cooked over hardwood smoke for a sweet and mild flavor
Bullet Point 5: LUNCHBOX READY: Ready to eat snack packs require no refrigeration and are a great way to get protein in your kids' lunch (or yours). The perfect school snacks you can buy in bulk. No leftovers. In fact, we wouldn't be surprised if they ask for two bags
Value: 3.125
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81y+SXXhlSL.jpg,6.74
113777,"Item Name: Hostess Donettes Variety Pack | Powdered, Frosted, Double Chocolate, and Crunch | 12 Packs (72 Donettes)
Value: 36.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61lGnxQjFUL.jpg,32.82
106857,"Item Name: OUTER AISLE GOURMET Original Cauliflower Sandwich Thins, 6.75 OZ
Bullet Point 1: No hydrogenated fats or high fructose corn syrup allowed in any food
Bullet Point 2: No bleached or bromated flour
Bullet Point 3: No synthetic nitrates or nitrites
Product Description: Grocery Frozen
Value: 6.13
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41kxqurThJL.jpg,8.49
214226,"Item Name: Black Forest Gummy Bears Candy, Made with Real Fruit Juice, 3oz Pouch
Bullet Point 1: REAL JUICY & REAL GOOD: This 3oz pack of gummy bears includes 6 deliciously fruity flavors: cherry, lemon, pineapple, orange, apple and strawberry
Bullet Point 2: NOT YOUR AVERAGE GUMMY BEAR: These classic gummy bears deliver mouthwatering fruity flavor and soft, juicy texture
Bullet Point 3: MADE WITH REAL FRUIT JUICE: These classic gummy bear packs are made with real fruit juice
Bullet Point 4: SCHOOL LUNCHBOX SNACK: Black Forest Gummy Bears are delicious fruit-flavored gummies that are great for sharing at school, they’re an ideal back-to-school lunchbox snack
Bullet Point 5: GET THE GUMMY FUN: Bite into the classic, juicy treat you know & love with Black Forest gummies, choose between gummy bears or gummy worms for a fun, fruit-flavored treat
Bullet Point 6: FRUITY GOODNESS: Indulge in premium fruity treats with Black Forest products, black Forest Gummy Bears are inspired by real fruit juice and made with colors and flavors from real sources
Value: 3.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ZohCNTRJL.jpg,2.5
268097,"Item Name: Kettle Brand Potato Chips, Krinkle Cut Buffalo Bleu, 8.5 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Ridged thick cut chips with a bold crunch and tangy chili spice, followed by a hint of bleu cheese
Bullet Point 2: The spicy and cool taste of buffalo wings and bleu cheese dressing, rolled into your favorite chip
Bullet Point 3: Made with Natural Ingredients; Non GMO Project Verified
Bullet Point 4: Certified Gluten Free; No trans fat or artificial preservatives; Kosher Parve
Bullet Point 5: 8.5 ounce bag is perfect for sharing at parties, picnics, or just snacking at home
Value: 8.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/7148kqumuYL.jpg,7.83
94638,"Item Name: Heinz Single Serve Ketchup (1500 ct Casepack)
Bullet Point 1: America's Favorite Ketchup is a perfect compliment for French fries, hot dogs, hamburgers and so much more!
Bullet Point 2: Comes from fresh vine-ripened tomatoes and a special blend of spices, creating the signature Heinz flavor
Bullet Point 3: Easy, convenient single serve ketchup packets for on-the-go condiment use
Bullet Point 4: Heinz Ketchup is a certified kosher product
Bullet Point 5: Buy in bulk for a great value product in convenient packaging
Bullet Point 6: Only the firmest, juiciest, freshest tomatoes make it into our bottle
Bullet Point 7: Every tomato in every bottle comes from Heinz seeds and is grown by farmers we know and trust
Bullet Point 8: Delicious condiment that is perfect for fries and other favorite foods
Bullet Point 9: Add some flavor to your recipes and sauces
Bullet Point 10: Gluten free and kosher pareve
Value: 1500.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81uve167fEL.jpg,30.435000000000002
134898,"Item Name: Alpina, Alpina Smoothie, 6.7 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Alpina Avena Original Oatmeal Smoothie 6.7 Oz ( 200 ml )
Bullet Point 2: 18 Packs of 6.7 Oz each one.
Product Description: Juice Smoothie Drinks
Value: 120.6
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91BeUPeaMgL.jpg,5.0
225513,"Item Name: Kellogg's Rice Krispies Cold Breakfast Cereal, 8 Vitamins and Minerals, Rice Krispies Treats, Large Size, Original, 12oz Box (1 Box) (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point 1: The below information is per pack only
Bullet Point 2: A classic, family-favorite cereal, perfect for breakfast and treat-making; Enjoy with your favorite milk or as part of The Original Treats recipe
Bullet Point 3: A crisp way to start your day, Rice Krispies brings the classic crunch of puffed, oven-toasted rice cereal in every bite
Bullet Point 4: A healthy, fat-free cereal; Good source of 8 vitamins and minerals in every serving; Kosher Pareve
Bullet Point 5: Create homemade Rice Krispies Treats using butter, marshmallows and Rice Krispies cereal; Enjoy as dessert or a lunch box snack
Bullet Point 6: Includes one, 12-ounce box of ready-to-eat Kellogg's Rice Krispies cereal; Packaged for freshness and great taste
Value: 36.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81CfaM3j-lL.jpg,4.9350000000000005
221411,"Item Name: Alder Creek Gift Baskets Egg-Cellent Spring Gift Tower for Easter and Spring with Popcorn, Taffy, Chocolate, and More
Bullet Point 1: What's Included: Lindt Strawberries & Cream Truffles (3pcs.), Tom Clark’s Butter Toffee Popcorn (6oz.), Assorted Spring Taffy Mix (3oz.), Palmer Foil Wrapped Chocolate Carrots (2oz.), Tom Clark’s Caramel Popcorn (3oz.), 5 High Tower
Bullet Point 2: Gift Message: Personalize your gifts with a gift message using just the right sentiments for your recipient. Whether you are saying “Happy Birthday,” “I Love You,” or just “Hello,” they will be sure to appreciate the thought. Don’t forget to include who the gift is from!
Bullet Point 3: Assembled By Hand: Each of our gifts is assembled by hand in the United States. We take great care in ensuring our gifts uphold our high standards of not only quality but presentation as well. Each gift arrives beautifully assembled and tied with a bow.
Bullet Point 4: Our Promise: Alder Creek Gift Baskets takes pride in every item we produce. Each of our gifts are assembled in our facility in Temecula, CA, USA where we are able to provide the highest level of care and attention to detail.
Bullet Point 5: 40+ Years of Gifts: Alder Creek Gift Baskets has over 40 years of experience in the gift basket industry. We offer an ever-growing selection of gifts for any and every occasion.
Product Description: This Alder Creek Gift Baskets Egg-cellent Easter Gift Tower is stacked high and filled to the very top with spectacular and delicious, yummy treats in every box! This gift is perfect for sharing with friends and family this spring. Festive pastel patterns cover each one of the five keepsake boxes in this special tower.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41VDmZZP9uL.jpg,24.98
193026,"Item Name: RW Knudsen, Juice Apple Organic Organic, 32 Fl Oz
Value: 32.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81j4mQ75WCL.jpg,6.6899999999999995
215272,"Item Name: Mr & Mrs T Mai Tai Mix, 1L Bottle, – Premium Cocktail Mixer for Mai Tai Mixes, Ready to Use
Bullet Point 1: Mai Tai Mix: A citrus blend loaded with flavors of fresh, ripe pineapple, lemon, orange, lime and even a hint of almond,
Bullet Point 2: Passion for Craftsmanship: Mr & Mrs T’s approach to mixing is both a science and an art, with a focus on creating perfectly balanced flavors that deliver a subtle, nuanced taste in every sip.
Bullet Point 3: Premium Ingredients: They are committed to using only the highest-quality, carefully sourced ingredients, ensuring that every mixer stands out in flavor and freshness.
Bullet Point 4: Perfect Work-Play Balance: Their philosophy is about finding the ideal harmony between work and play, which is reflected in the balanced, vibrant taste of each mixer they create.
Bullet Point 5: Trusted Since 1960: For over 60 years, Mr & Mrs T has been a staple in American homes, offering trusted, reliable mixers that enhance any cocktail experience.
Value: 136.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51tKCkaeIqL.jpg,33.98
293950,"Item Name: Yakami Orchard Japanese Yuzu Marmalade 300 gram jar
Bullet Point 1: Upgrade your breakfast with yuzu’s complex orange/tangerine/floral/grapefruit/lemon-esque flavor.
Bullet Point 2: Also a delicious addition to desserts & glazes.
Bullet Point 3: All Natural (No Chemical Ingredients).
Bullet Point 4: Made in Japan.
Value: 10.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41S7nuYFldL.jpg,19.95
74083,"Item Name: Katjes Plant Based Rainbow Gummy Candy 3 Pack - Cherry, Strawberry, Blueberry & Orange Flavored Gummy Snacks - Palm Oil Free - No Animal Gelatin - No High Fructose Corn Syrup, 4.9oz
Bullet Point 1: Rainbow Gummy Snacks - Prepare for a plant-based sensation as you delight your taste buds with Katjes Gummies. These delicious fruity tasting gummies are a great anytime treat!
Bullet Point 2: Plant Based Snack Option - Transform your snacking routine with our plant-based gummies that are free from animal gelatin, making them ideal for individuals embracing a plant-based lifestyle. Made on equipment that also processes products containing milk and coconut.
Bullet Point 3: Assorted Gummy Candy - This playful assortment of gummy candy treats, shaped like rainbows & unicorns, presents an array of flavors such as cherry, strawberry, blueberry and orange, sure to awaken your taste buds.
Bullet Point 4: Guilt Free Snack Bliss - These gelatin free gummies are palm oil free, contain no high fructose corn syrup, and offer a wholesome snacking experience with a delightful flavor you can feel good about!
Bullet Point 5: Say ""Jes"" to Katjes! Gummy Candy - With German heritage that dates back to the 1950s, Katjes has always focused on creating high quality candy with great ingredients. By substituting animal ingredients and by-products with plant-based alternatives like modified food starch, Katjes was able to create a truly joyful gummy candy.
Product Description: At Katjes, we believe that every life is precious. No need for any animal gelatin in our yummy gummy candy at all. Therefore, we replace animal gelatin with modified food starch, a perfect plant based substitute. Palm oil? No thank you! Palm oil plantations are spreading at the direct expense of tropical rainforests. We want to protect the rainforests. Therefore, our gummy candy is free from palm oil. Better Together! As a family-owned company we care about people as individuals and are serious about equal rights and opportunities. We’ll always embrace a world as colorful as our gummies!
Value: 14.7
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41-XHivb5QL.jpg,4.29
6479,"Item Name: Bubly Sparkling Water, Pineapple, 12 fl Oz. Cans, (18 Pack)
Bullet Point: Refreshing, crisp Bubly sparkling water with great tasting, natural pineapple flavor
Value: 216.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41d7PzH-eYL.jpg,4.79
21859,"Item Name: KOS Organic Plant Based Protein Powder, Chocolate Peanut Butter - Delicious Vegan Protein Powder - Keto Friendly, Gluten Free, Dairy Free & Soy Free - 15 Servings
Bullet Point 1: Amazing Flavor: Infused with organic Peruvian cacao, Sea salt, organic coconut milk, a dash of stevia & monk fruit, our award-winning protein blend is simply delicious! Add 2 scoops to cold water for tasty shakes or mix into smoothies & snacks.
Bullet Point 2: Weight Management Support: The soluble fiber in plant protein gives you that “full” feeling for a longer period of time. You eat less but not at the expense of calories. Still packed with 20g protein per serving and 12 Vitamins & Minerals.
Bullet Point 3: Complete Protein: Our USDA Organic vegan protein powder has a 5 protein blend of Pea, Flax Seed, Quinoa, Pumpkin Seed & Chia Seed + essential vitamins & minerals. Healthier than whey protein powder for both your body and the environment.
Bullet Point 4: Digestion Support: Enhanced with powerful digestion support by Digestive Enzymes, a proprietary digestive enzyme blend. Digestive Enzymes aid digestion & help the body maximize absorption by embracing & capitalizing on its ingested nutrients.
Bullet Point 5: Responsibly Sourced: Nearly every ingredient is certified organic and free of gluten, dairy, soy, hormones, artificial sweeteners, colors, and GMOs. Made with USDA and CCOF certified ingredients.
Value: 20.6
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81m4NJCBblL.jpg,30.995
135228,"Item Name: Flow Alkaline Spring Water, 100% Naturally Alkaline, 6 pack of 500ml (16.9 Fl Oz)
Bullet Point 1: Natural Alkaline Spring Water: Enjoy the thirst-quenching goodness of Flow Alkaline Spring Water. Our bottled water is naturally alkaline + pH of 8.1 and rich in electrolytes and essential minerals for supercharged hydration.
Bullet Point 2: Healthy & Clean Mineral Water: Flow Alkaline Spring Water contains natural, essential minerals like calcium, potassium, magnesium and bicarbonate—vital nutrients for optimal hydration. They also give Flow Alkaline Spring Water its fresh, smooth taste.
Bullet Point 3: Straight From The Source: Flow Naturally Alkaline Spring Water comes from our family-owned artesian springs rich in essential minerals. The water that flows from these springs is naturally alkaline with a pH of 8.1. We protect the source and environment to ensure that it stays that way.
Bullet Point 4: Eco-Friendly Packaging: Flow Alkaline Sprong Water comes in high quality, eco-friendly packs designed with up to 70% renewable materials, is recyclable, and has a plant based cap for a low carbon footprint
Bullet Point 5: Water With A Purpose: We're not just committed to providing naturally alkaline and great-tasting spring water. We're also working to provide sustainable hydration and hold our products and packaging to the highest social and environmental standards.
Value: 101.4
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41hpMZx1GxL.jpg,36.99
263361,"Item Name: L'Oréal Paris True Match Loose Powder Mineral Foundation, Soft Ivory, 0.35 oz.
Bullet Point 1: Skin Improving Mineral Foundation
Bullet Point 2: Controls Shine and Reduces Appearance of Pores
Bullet Point 3: Gentle foundation for Sensitive Skin
Bullet Point 4: 100 percent preservative, talc and fragrance free
Value: 0.35
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51ohLAVrqjL.jpg,32.235
1831,"Item Name: Pomegranate Grape White Tea (25 tea bags, ZIN: 540833)
Bullet Point 1: Our Pomegranate Grape White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Pomegranate Peel, Raisins (Golden) and Raspberries (Red) that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Pomegranate Grape flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Pomegranate Peel, Raisins (Golden), Raspberries (Red) and Natural Pomegranate Grape Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 25 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: White Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Pomegranate Grape White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Pomegranate Peel, Raisins (Golden) and Raspberries (Red) that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Pomegranate Grape flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Pomegranate Peel, Raisins (Golden), Raspberries (Red) and Natural Pomegranate Grape Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the marke
Value: 25.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81YEyHqoCBL.jpg,26.09
156446,"Item Name: English Tea Store Loose Leaf, Chocolate Orange Flavored Black Tea - 4oz, 4 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Grown in Sri Lanka
Bullet Point 2: This decadent chocolate orange tea is created using natural flavors, along with luxury black tea and natural dried orange.
Bullet Point 3: For the best brew, we recommend our chocolate orange tea steep in water that has been brought to a rolling boil for 2-5 minutes
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Weight: 0.3 pounds
Value: 4.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81W3ElJmleL.jpg,8.53
17314,"Item Name: Protein Hot Chocolate, Keto Hot Chocolate Mix, Low Carb Hot Cocoa, 15g Protein, 4g Net Carbs, Low in Sugar, Instant Hot Coco, 7 Individual Macro-Controlled Packages (Classic, 3 Pack)
Bullet Point 1: CLASSIC HOT COCO TASTE WITH HEALTH BENEFITS: Our Protein Hot Chocolate is packed with 15g of protein! Very low in sugar and only 2g NET CARBS! Amazing nostalgic and comforting taste and texture without the guilt.
Bullet Point 2: PERFECTLY PORTION OUT PACKAGES: Each box contains 7 individually portioned out packages. Easy to control your macros and convenient to store and/or travel with.
Bullet Point 3: QUICK AND EASY TO MAKE: Enjoy a hot cup of chocolate cocoa in minutes! Simply add contents to a mug and add hot water or warm unsweetened almond milk. Get creative and add to your coffee, protein shake, or baked goods for a chocolaty protein boost! Easy to mix, won't clump!
Bullet Point 4: HIGH PROTEIN AND LOW CARB/SUGAR: One serving contains 15g of protein and 2g net carbs. Protein Hot Cocoa also does not contain gluten.
Bullet Point 5: LOOKING FOR MORE PROTEIN?? Search for other Wholesome Provision products. We offer High Protein Chips, Cereal, Keto Sweeteners, Keto Chocolate Chips, and so much more!
Product Description: Round out your day with this classic comforting warm drink. Our hot chocolate is low carb, sweet, and creamy. Enjoy the nostalgic taste that's packed with 15g of protein per serving. Easy to mix and won't clump! Enjoy with hot water, warm unsweetened milk, or mix into your morning coffee for a protein and flavor boost!
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71wrJVS3MjL.jpg,42.95
245291,"Item Name: Organic Positively Tea Company, Mango Green, Green Tea, Loose Leaf, 16 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: This new blend is a deliciously sweet combination of organic Chinese Sencha, organic mango flavor, and organic calendula petals. Try it hot and iced, this bright brew is our new go-to for a tangy pick-me-up!
Bullet Point 2: Caffeine content : Medium Caffeine
Bullet Point 3: Container.type : Bag
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71EZMWR4KnL.jpg,21.95
171425,"Item Name: Domino White Sugar Pure Cane Sugar Quick Dissolve Superfine (2 Pack)
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81inkyM53LL.jpg,19.225
39667,"Item Name: Iberia World Foods Beans, Red, Small, W/S, 15.50-Ounce (Pack of 24)
Product Description: Iberia World Foods Beans, Red, Small, W/S, 15.50-Ounce (Pack of 24)
Value: 372.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/318eYpgdPwL.jpg,1.28
3550,"Item Name: Tofurky - Italian Sausage, 14 Ounce -- 5 per case.
Value: 14.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61P+6+Rd-xL.jpg,58.53
280705,"Item Name: Bread Crumbs, Italian Style, 24oz
Product Description: Gia Russa, Italian food specialist since 1948.
Value: 46752.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/411IsK-Ep2L.jpg,7.55
17029,"Item Name: Big Green Organic Food- Organic Millet Capellini, Gluten-Free, Lectin-Free, Non-GMO, Vegan, Wheat and Rice Alternative, 8.8oz (1)
Bullet Point 1: [LECTIN FREE & GLUTEN FREE]: Big Green Organic Food brings to you organic millet capellini for a lectin-free and gluten-free diet. You can finally enjoy eating pasta again with our organic millet capellini. Take care of your guts starting with Big Green Organic Food. We use 100% organic foxtail millet flour to produce our millet capellini.
Bullet Point 2: [CAREFULLY SELECTED ORGANIC MILLET]: We use foxtail millet variety, great source of protein and excellent to add for dietary variety.
Bullet Point 3: [HEALTHIER ALTERNATIVE TO OTHER GRAINS]: Millet aids in building our immunity to diseases. Millet provides more essential amino acids than most other cereals.
Bullet Point 4: [HIGH FIBER, AIDS DIGESTION]: Millets are high in dietary fiber and is a prebiotic, supporting the good bacteria in our digestive system. Try our organic millet capellini to have a happy gut feeling!
Bullet Point 5: [SATISFACTION GURANTEED]: We love to hear from you. Please reach out to us if you have any feedback on our organic millet capellini.
Product Description: Single Ingredient Organic Millet Capellini by Big Green Organic Food.
Value: 8.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71+EZRcFN3L.jpg,5.99
136274,"Item Name: Johnson's Baby Oil with Shea & Cocoa Butter, 20 Fl. Oz
Bullet Point 1: 20-fluid ounce bottle of baby oil
Bullet Point 2: Helps moisturizes and protect skin
Bullet Point 3: Formulated for babies' delicate skin and great for your rough patches
Bullet Point 4: Pure mineral oil with shea and cocoa butters
Bullet Point 5: Great for baby massage and parent/baby bonding
Value: 20.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31oMSFi3dGL.jpg,5.88
274982,"Item Name: Rajah Medium Curry Powder 3,53oz, 100g
Bullet Point 1: A mild curry blended from the finest spices
Bullet Point 2: 2 x 100g value
Bullet Point 3: Traditional South African curry powder
Bullet Point 4: Imported from South Africa
Product Description: Rajah curry powder makes the finest curries
Value: 200.0
Unit: gram
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71zsF9mnH6L.jpg,10.99
231191,"Item Name: Starbucks By Nespresso Single Origin Columbia Coffee Pods, Medium, 8 Coffee Pods
Bullet Point 1: Capsules Are Developed With And Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System. 100% Arabica Coffee, Smooth And Balanced With Toasted Walnut & Herbs Notes. Medium Roast, Kosher, Imported From Canada
Bullet Point 2: Capsules Are Developed With And Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System. 100% Arabica Coffee, Smooth And Balanced With Toasted Walnut & Herbs Notes. Medium Roast, Kosher, Imported From Canada
Bullet Point 3: Capsules Are Developed With Nespresso And Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System. 100% Arabica Coffee, Smooth And Balanced With Toasted Walnut & Herbs Notes. Medium Roast, Kosher, Imported From Canada
Bullet Point 4: Capsules Are Developed With And Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System. 100% Arabica Coffee, Smooth And Balanced With Toasted Walnut & Herbs Notes. Medium Roast, Kosher, Imported From Canada
Bullet Point 5: Smooth ; Balanced
Product Description: Single Origin Colombia Medium Roast Coffee Capsules For Vertuo, 8 Count, 100G/3.5 Oz. Box Enjoy The Authentic Café Taste Of Coffee At Home Like Never Before On Vertuo Machines. Made With The Finest Quality Coffee That You Know And Love, Capsules Are Developed With To Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System By Capsules Are Made From Aluminum And Fully Recyclable Through The Recycling Program Each Cup Of Single-Origin Colombia Medium Roast Coffee Is Balanced And Nutty, Made With 100% Arabica Coffee Beans, And Perfect For Every Day. This Medium-Roast Coffee Has A Profile Level Intensity Of 7 With Balanced And Nutty Notes And Is Crafted With 100% Colombian Coffee Beans Each Capsule For Vertuo Machines Easily Brews A 230 Ml Mug Enjoy The High-Quality Coffee That You Know And Love With This Box Of 8 Coffee Capsules Capsules Are Developed With And Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System. 100% Arabica Coffee, Smooth And Balanced With Toasted Walnut & Herbs Notes. Medium Roast, Kosher, Imported From Canada. Capsules Are Developed With And Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System. 100% Arabica Coffee, Smooth And Balanced With Toasted Walnut & Herbs Notes. Medium Roast, Kosher, Imported From Canada. Capsules Are Developed With And Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System. 100% Arabica Coffee, Smooth And Balanced With Toasted Walnut & Herbs Notes. Medium Roast, Kosher, Imported From Canada. Capsules Are Developed With And Work Perfectly With The Vertuo System. 100% Arabica Coffee, Smooth And Balanced With Toasted Walnut & Herbs Notes. Medium Roast, Kosher, Imported From Canada. Smooth ; Balanced
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41JwYLWvsrL.jpg,12.17
82932,"Item Name: La Panzanella Original Mini Croccantini, 6-Ounce Packages (Pack of 3)
Value: 3.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/613958Gv78L.jpg,21.77
197196,"Item Name: Rasoi Magic Spice Mix, Paneer Deewani Handi, 50 g
Bullet Point 1: Sumptuous taste
Bullet Point 2: Suitable for vegetarians
Bullet Point 3: Uniform composition
Bullet Point 4: Long Shelf life
Bullet Point 5: Free from impurities
Value: 1.7637
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ZRJGpIH+L.jpg,6.99
130340,"Item Name: Snak Club Spicy Party Snack Mix, 6.75 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Spicy Snack Mix: Featuring a blend of crunchy rice crackers, hot and spicy peanuts, Cajun sesame sticks, pretzels, toasted corn and dried green peas, this party mix has 7g of protein and 2g of fiber per serving
Bullet Point 2: Spicy Snack Mix: Featuring a blend of crunchy rice crackers, hot and spicy peanuts, Cajun sesame sticks, pretzels, toasted corn and dried green peas, this party mix has 7g of protein and 2g of fiber per serving
Bullet Point 3: Freshness Sealed: Crafted in California and packed with protein and fiber in every serving, this mix comes in a resealable bag to maintain freshness and prevent spillage for easy snacking on the go
Bullet Point 4: Healthy and Flavorful: From raw, roasted and seasoned nut mixes to trail mixes packed with protein, antioxidants, chocolate and dried fruit to sweet and spicy party mixes, we've got the perfect treat for you
Bullet Point 5: Snacking for Every Occasion: With package sizes that range from 2-ounce Grab ‘n Run individual packs to 24-ounce Party Size bags, our products are perfect for a party, a hiking trip or just a quick treat or snack
Bullet Point 6: Snak Club Selections: We offer over 100 options of traditional nuts, unique seasoned nuts, traditional trail mixes, innovative snack mixes, dried fruit and candy to fulfill all of your snacking needs
Value: 40.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51ObMSx8c9L.jpg,21.525
235609,"Item Name: Arctic Farms Freeze Dried Ice Cream that Does Not Melt (Tiramisu)
Bullet Point 1: Freeze Dried Ice Cream Bits.
Bullet Point 2: Flavor: Tiramisu.
Bullet Point 3: Net Weight: 1oz.
Bullet Point 4: Made in USA.
Bullet Point 5: Satisfaction guaranteed!
Product Description: Freeze Dried Ice Cream. Does not melt. Ready to eat.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81OKsDHD8ZL.jpg,46.97
34652,"Item Name: Doves Farm Self Raising White Flour | All Purpose Flour | for Cakes, Muffins & Pancakes Baking | Imported from UK | Baking Foods | 35.27 Oz (1kg)
Bullet Point 1: Premium self-raising flour: Experience the quality of Doves Farm Self-Raising White Flour 1kg, crafted with premium ingredients for exceptional baking results
Bullet Point 2: Light and fluffy texture: Achieve perfectly light and fluffy baked goods with this self-raising flour, ensuring a delightful texture every time
Bullet Point 3: Versatile for various recipes: From cakes to muffins and pancakes, this versatile flour is Ideal for a wide range of recipes, offering consistent and outstanding performance
Bullet Point 4: Convenient 1kg Packaging: Packaged in a convenient 1kg size, this flour is easy to handle, store, and measure, making your baking experience hassle-free
Bullet Point 5: Nutrient-rich and delicious: Enjoy the goodness of a nutrient-rich flour blend while indulging in delicious treats
Bullet Point 6: Elevate your baking: Take your baking to new heights with the Doves Farm Self-Raising White Flour 1kg, ensuring exceptional taste and texture in all your creations
Product Description: Introducing the Doves Farm Self-Raising White Flour 1kg, a premium blend designed to elevate your baking to new heights. Crafted with utmost care and using high-quality ingredients. Experience the joy of light and fluffy textures in your baked goods with this exceptional self-raising flour. From delectable cakes to mouthwatering muffins and fluffy pancakes, this versatile flour ensures consistent and outstanding results in every recipe. Convenience meets quality with the 1kg packaging of this flour. It's easy to handle, store, and measure, making your baking process seamless and stress-free. Say goodbye to the hassle of finding the right amount of flour for your recipes. Not only does the Doves Farm Self-Raising White Flour 1kg deliver on taste and texture, but it also provides a nutrient-rich option for your baking endeavors. Indulge in your favorite treats while nourishing your body with the goodness of carefully selected ingredients. Elevate your baking to new heights with the Doves Farm Self-Raising White Flour 1kg. Whether you're a baking enthusiast or someone looking for a delicious alternative, this flour blend ensures exceptional results every time. Discover the joy of baking and experience the satisfaction of creating delicious treats with ease. Order your Doves Farm Self-Raising White Flour 1kg today and elevate your baking experience
Value: 35.27
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51MrhebAygL.jpg,13.79
273107,"Item Name: Rummo Italian Pasta Linguine No.13, Always Al Dente (16 ounces)
Bullet Point 1: Kosher
Bullet Point 2: One 1 Lb. Pack Of Lenta Lavorazione Linguine No. 13 Pasta
Bullet Point 3: Product Of Italy
Bullet Point 4: Slowly Crafted
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/615Ev4mZHOL.jpg,6.99
200663,"Item Name: NY Spice Shop Chaste Tree Berries Whole - 8 Ounce Natural Spice Vitex Agnus Castus Monk’s Pepper Seasoning For Flavoring Soups, Roasts And Tea
Bullet Point 1: 🌿DELICIOUS FLAVOR BOOST FOR YOUR DISHES - NY Spice Shop's Chaste Tree Berries (Monk's Pepper) isn't just any spice; it's a special ingredient that turns your ordinary meals into extraordinary culinary delights. Experience the joy of a unique and exciting flavor that elevates your favorite dishes.
Bullet Point 2: 🌿ENCHANTING AROMA TO ENHANCE YOUR KITCHEN - When you open the Monk's Pepper seasoning, a delightful fragrance fills your kitchen. This spice not only adds flavor but also brings a natural and wonderful aroma, making your cooking experience even more enjoyable.
Bullet Point 3: 🌿VERSATILE CULINARY COMPANION FOR ALL OCCASIONS - Whether you're crafting comforting soups, hearty roasts, or any other dish, Chaste Tree Berries Whole natural Spice is your go-to spice. Its versatility effortlessly enriches the taste and depth of a wide range of recipes, making it an essential in every kitchen.
Bullet Point 4: 🌿FRESHNESS THAT LASTS, EASY TO STORE - The Monk's Pepper comes in packaging designed to keep it fresh for an extended period. With this convenient storage solution, you can ensure the spice remains flavorful and ready to enhance your meals whenever you feel like cooking up something delicious.
Bullet Point 5: 🌿UNLOCK THE MAGIC OF CULINARY EXCELLENCE - Consider Chaste Tree Berries Whole as your secret culinary weapon. It's not just a spice; it's a special cooking trick that brings an extra layer of richness and warmth to your dishes, making each meal a memorable experience.
Product Description: <b>Experience a culinary journey like never before with NY Spice Shop's Chaste Tree Berries Whole (Monk's Pepper), a hidden gem in the world of spices.</b><br><br> Elevating your dishes to new heights, this unique spice is more than just a flavor enhancer—it's a culinary wizard that adds a touch of magic to your everyday meals.<br><br> <li>As you open the packaging, the enchanting aroma of Monk's Pepper fills your kitchen, setting the stage for a delightful cooking experience. This spice isn't just about taste; it brings a natural and wonderful fragrance, turning your cooking routine into a sensory adventure.<br><br> <li>Versatility is the key with Chaste Tree Berries Whole. From comforting soups to hearty roasts, it effortlessly weaves its way into a myriad of recipes, adding a distinct flavor that transforms the ordinary into the extraordinary. This spice is your reliable companion, consistently delivering a rich and delightful taste to every dish it graces.<br><br> <li>What sets Monk's Pepper apart is its longevity. Packaged for freshness, this spice stays flavorful for an extended period, making it a convenient addition to your pantry. Enjoy the ease of using it whenever you please, knowing it's always ready to infuse your meals with its unique charm.<br><br> Consider Chaste Tree Berries Whole (Monk's Pepper) as your culinary secret weapon. It's not just an ingredient; it's a special touch that brings an extra layer of richness and warmth to your dishes, creating a dining experience that lingers in your memory.<br><br> <b>NY Spice Shop's Monk's Pepper is more than a spice—it's the key to unlocking a world of culinary excellence.</b>
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/711KwrWVY5L.jpg,12.99
149603,"Item Name: Black Cherry Oolong Tea (50 tea bags, ZIN: 538605) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Black Cherry Oolong Tea is a luxurious flavored Oolong tea with Cherries, Blackberry and Licorice Root that you can enjoy hot or cold! The Black Cherry flavor and aroma is wonderful! - Ingredients: Oolong tea, Cherries, Blackberry, Licorice Root and Natural Black Cherry Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 50 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Oolong Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Black Cherry Oolong Tea is a luxurious flavored Oolong tea with Cherries, Blackberry and Licorice Root that you can enjoy hot or cold! The Black Cherry flavor and aroma is wonderful! - Ingredients: Oolong tea, Cherries, Blackberry, Licorice Root and Natural Black Cherry Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and to look for new ways
Value: 100.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81oHSzR3wmL.jpg,38.54
220733,"Item Name: NESCAFÉ Dolce Gusto Starbucks White Mocha Coffee Pods x12 (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: STARBUCKS White Mocha Coffee Pods by NESCAFÉ Dolce Gusto is made with roast and ground coffee and whole milk powder with flavour white chocolate type and sugar.
Bullet Point 2: Inspired by the classic Starbucks White Mocha, this rich beverage is for you to prepare at home using the same high-quality 100% arabica beans as our coffee shops.
Bullet Point 3: Committed to 100% Ethical Coffee Sourcing in partnership with Conservation International
Bullet Point 4: This box contains 12 pods designed for NESCAFE Dolce Gusto pod coffee machines for you to prepare mugs of Starbucks White Mocha
Bullet Point 5: All of the NESCAFE Dolce Gusto pods are fully recyclable via Podback
Product Description: NESCAFÉ Dolce Gusto Starbucks White Mocha Coffee Pods x12 (Pack of 1)
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71KkT0cAQzL.jpg,14.99
251861,"Item Name: Betty Crocker Frosting, Whipped Gluten Free Frosting, Whipped Cream, 12 Oz Canister
Bullet Point 1: GLUTEN FREE FROSTING: Bake a delicious dessert and top with this light and fluffy whipped cream frosting that will make your favorite cupcake or cake even sweeter
Bullet Point 2: GLUTEN FREE FROSTING: Bake a delicious dessert and top with this light and fluffy whipped cream frosting that will make your favorite cupcake or cake even sweeter
Bullet Point 3: HOMEMADE TASTE: Bake life sweeter with Betty Crocker gluten free frosting, promising a delicious, homemade taste every time
Bullet Point 4: BOX CONTAINS: 1 canister of 12 oz gluten free frosting; An everyday pantry staple
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81TyJQtHsxL.jpg,10.0
172242,"Item Name: Crystal Hot Sce
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51IprO3uFFL.jpg,3.49
99834,"Item Name: Dream Rice Drink-Vanilla Enriched-64 Ounces
Bullet Point: Dream Rice Drink-Vanilla Enriched-64 Ounces
Value: 64.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51d0YHkcdHL.jpg,6.140000000000001
32297,"Item Name: HERSHEY'S Kisses Candy, Cookies 'n' Creme, 10.5 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Perfect for snacking, celebration décor, and party favors
Bullet Point 2: White crème candies with chocolate cookie bits
Bullet Point 3: Individually wrapped in bright blue foils
Bullet Point 4: A kosher chocolate candy
Bullet Point 5: Includes 1 bag of Kisses Cookies 'n' Crème Candy (10.5-Ounce bag)
Value: 10.5
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61AkCtP8G7L.jpg,16.99
178981,"Item Name: 25OZ Cher SnoKon Syrup
Bullet Point 1: Cherry - 25-oz. Sno-Treat Sno-Kone Flavors 12 CT
Bullet Point 2: Comes in convenient size
Bullet Point 3: Includes 12 - 25 oz bottles
Product Description: TEE BRASS IPT 1X1X3/4
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31iwQGka2KL.jpg,65.32
217556,"Item Name: Melrose International 86412DS Artificial Fabric Holly Berry Spray - Set of 6
Product Description: Melrose International 86412DS Artificial Fabric Holly Berry Spray - Set of 6
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/613hbms9giL.jpg,61.99
216333,"Item Name: Simply Asia Sichuan Sweet & Sour Stir-Fry Sauce, 4.22 oz (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Sweet and savory stir-fry sauce
Bullet Point 2: Made with ingredients including pineapple & soy sauce
Bullet Point 3: Prepare sauce with chicken, beef, pork, or tofu for a 20-minute stir-fry
Bullet Point 4: Heat level: Hot
Bullet Point 5: Enjoy with vegetables & noodles too!
Bullet Point 6: Tear & pour
Bullet Point 7: No MSG added – except those naturally occurring glutamates
Value: 25.32
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81jeIa2HpzL.jpg,2.58
220717,"Item Name: SMACKIN' Sunflower Seeds, Roasted Jumbo Small-Batch, American Made - Lemon Pepper. 1.5oz bags (36 Pack)
Bullet Point 1: GET SMACKIN': The classic sunflower seed reimagined with bold flavors, jumbo sunflower seeds and no more salty burn. Every small-batch of hand crafter sunflower seeds is coated in gourmet seasoning and finished with a signature roast.
Bullet Point 2: LOW SODIUM: With only 90-390mg of sodium per serving, SMACKIN' won't leave your mouth feeling raw from salt. Our sunflower seed experts took low sodium sunflower seeds to another level with our sugar base adhesion.
Bullet Point 3: BOLD FLAVORS: Each sunflower seed is coated in our house blend seasonings to create an unforgettable taste with each crack. We pride ourselves in creating the best flavored sunflower seeds that exist.
Bullet Point 4: SMALL-BATCH: Our sunflower seeds are selectively sourced from the highest quality sunflowers and produced in small batches to ensure that craft experience. We source all of our ingredients and supplies domestically and are manufactured in the USA.
Bullet Point 5: STOP SETTLING FOR LESS: C'mon you're better than those small, flavorless sunflower seeds you’ve been buying for years that give you sandpaper tongue. Created out of a desire for better, we promise once you try SMACKIN' you'll never go back!
Product Description: SMACKIN' Sunflower Seeds roasts, salts, and flavors jumbo sunflower seeds to perfection. We don't settle for mediocre seeds with questionable ingredients, so we set out to create the best seeds ever. A better tasting and better for you snack, you can enjoy an entire bag without the salty burn. Don't settle for what's always been & toss in a handful of sunflower seeds that smack!
Value: 36.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71kXpEPLwnL.jpg,65.0
195040,"Item Name: Better Life Natural Plant Based 4X Concentrated Laundry Detergent With Pump Unscented 64 Ounces Sulfate Free & Color Safe 2423
Bullet Point 1: Laundry Detergent Liquid
Bullet Point 2: Unscented
Bullet Point 3: Better Life
Value: 64.0
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41jPkleRCsL.jpg,29.99
147682,"Item Name: Gooseberry White Tea (50 tea bags, ZIN: 536513)
Bullet Point 1: Our Gooseberry White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Gooseberry (Golden Berries, Inca, Ushuva), Hibiscus Flower and Cinnamon Chips that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Gooseberry flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Gooseberry (Golden Berries, Inca, Ushuva), Hibiscus Flower, Cinnamon Chips and Natural Gooseberry Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 50 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: White Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Gooseberry White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Gooseberry (Golden Berries, Inca, Ushuva), Hibiscus Flower and Cinnamon Chips that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Gooseberry flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Gooseberry (Golden Berries, Inca, Ushuva), Hibiscus Flower, Cinnamon Chips and Natural Gooseberry Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantl
Value: 50.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ndGplqvmL.jpg,45.27
183101,"Item Name: Italian Coffee pods compatible with Nespresso Original machines, Italian Expresso capsules (100 Ristretto regular pods, 100 Count (Pack of 1))
Bullet Point 1: Enjoy the authentic taste of Italian Espresso, proudly made in Italy!
Bullet Point 2: Our Italian Coffee pods are designed for use with Nespresso Original machines* and are not compatible with Vertuo machines; Please note that we are not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Nespresso*
Bullet Point 3: Delicitaly pods are ONLY Compatible with current OriginalLine Nespresso machines (NOT with VertuoLine)
Product Description: Italian Coffee pods are compatible with Nespresso Original machines. They are not compatible with Vertuo machines. Import39, Italian Coffee are not affiliated with, endorsed or sponsored by Nespresso. Nespresso is a registered trade mark by SOCIETE DES PRODUITS NESTLE S.A. There is no affiliation between Nespresso and their affiliates and Import39 LLC and its affiliates.
Value: 100.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61G7Hz3k13L.jpg,26.4
151583,"Item Name: Del Monte Canned Fruit Cocktail in 100% Fresh Juice, 15 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Delicious Mixed Fruit: The cocktail is immersed in a tasty syrup, enhancing the natural taste of sweet peaches, juicy pears, plump grapes, succulent pineapples, and scrumptious cherries.
Bullet Point 2: Naturally Refreshing: Exotic fruit mix packed in natural fresh juice that is bursting with delicious flavor. It can be eaten on the go or as a tasty topping on your favorite dessert, salads, and other recipes.
Bullet Point 3: No Preservatives: With no artificial flavors or sweeteners, this mixed fruit can be eaten fresh right out of the can.
Bullet Point 4: Nutritious and Delicious: The canned fruit is picked and packed at the peak of freshness by our expert growers and contains vitamin A, vitamin C, and iron, making it the perfect snack or side dish to any meal.
Bullet Point 5: Premium Quality: Del Monte has earned a reputation with innovations and dedication to quality. We strive to cultivate the best vegetables and fruits, working with family farmers, to help your family live a life full of vitality and enjoyment.
Value: 90.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51uUkU-1rKL.jpg,10.435
37943,"Item Name: Bigelow English Teatime Tea, 20-Count Boxes (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point: Bigelow English Teatime Tea, 20-Count Boxes (Pack of 12)
Value: 18.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/611b4YRhFQL.jpg,61.42
93640,"Item Name: Gimme Seaweed Snacks Roasted Wasabi, 0.35 oz
Bullet Point: Crispy yummy sheets of savory deliciousness.
Value: 0.35
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91yvTLKtrTL.jpg,19.145
286875,"Item Name: STARBUCKS ITALIAN ROAST WHOLE BEAN COFFEE 12 OZ
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31V+BoSXwlL.jpg,18.5
207294,"Item Name: MRBST SMTH MC CRNCH BR 2.1oz
Bullet Point: MRBST SMTH MC CRNCH BR 2.1oz
Value: 2.11
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41UbV9I3HOL.jpg,2.59
196633,"Item Name: Valerian and Chamomile Combination Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 513475) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Valerian and Chamomile Combination Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 513475)
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Valerian and Chamomile Combination Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 513475)<BR><BR>Packaged in the United States in a GMP certified facility (Good Manufacturing Practice).<BR><BR>No fillers.<BR><BR>Manufacturer: TerraVita<BR><BR>Size: 4 oz<BR><BR>Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!<BR><BR>Ingredients: Chamomile, Valerian
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81k0mT2xuYL.jpg,56.1
182280,"Item Name: Laffy Taffy Jelly Beans Candy: 14-Ounce Bag
Bullet Point 1: contains about 250 pieces
Bullet Point 2: Assorted flavors: Banana, Cherry, Grape, Apple
Product Description: If you love jelly beans and adore Laffy Taffy, then you'll go bananas for these chewy treats! (Literally, as there's actually a banana flavor along with yummy cherry, grape, and apple varieties as well!) Bite size ovate candies rocking the chewy texture of jelly beans are bursting with all of the outrageous fruity flavor you'd expect from Laffy Taffy -- it's like a match made in candy heaven!
Value: 14.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/616za6ItV7L.jpg,2.28
77165,"Item Name: Goya Minced Garlic -- 4.5 oz
Bullet Point 1: No hydrogenated fats or high fructose corn syrup allowed in any food
Bullet Point 2: No bleached or bromated flour
Value: 4.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/812HXMZKqKL.jpg,3.39
262403,"Item Name: Hellmann's Real Mayonnaise, 15 oz Plastic Jar (Pack of 6)6
Bullet Point 1: Has a rich, creamy texture.
Bullet Point 2: Is wholesome and has a great taste.
Product Description: Hellmann's real mayonnaise is real and simple. Made with eggs, oil and vinegar. With a rich, creamy texture and the great taste you love, it's delicious on sandwiches, in salads and in other food creations.
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61NGBb5zc6L.jpg,9.094999999999999
23520,"Item Name: Albert's Big Bite Jumbo Red Cherry Flavored Gummy Bear, 12 Ounce, 4 Inches Tall
Bullet Point 1: Super Giant gummy bear is 4 inches tall and packed fummy of yummy gummy flavor.
Bullet Point 2: Snuggle one while you sleep and have an instant midnight snack when you have a bad dream.
Bullet Point 3: These giant Big Bite gummy bears are in a size category of their own.
Bullet Point 4: Net Weight: 12 oz - Height: 4-inches - Width: 2.5-inches - Depth: 3-inches
Bullet Point 5: Jumbo gummy bears are packaged in a hard, clear, reusable case that keeps them clean and fresh.
Product Description: Big Bite Gummy Bear is enormous and bursting with fruity flavor. Each giant gummy bear has a full 12 ounces of gummy deliciousness.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71KjT04NTnL.jpg,12.0
194351,"Item Name: Moses Family Jerky, Sweet and Spicy Beef Jerky, 2.5 Ounce, Bite Sized Sliced Meat
Value: 3.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61-FbDu9vmL.jpg,7.99
402,"Item Name: Fruit Punch Hawaiian Snow Cone Flavors Syrup coffee, soda flavors, shaved ice, slushie syrup, cocktail flavors Made with 100% Pure Cane Sugar, NO CORN SYRUP Ready to Use Quart (32 Fl Oz)
Bullet Point 1: Quart of delicious Fruit Punch flavored syrup; 32 fluid ounces ready to use syrup for your snow cone machine, pour directly over ice or into beverage
Bullet Point 2: Gourmet shaved ice and snow cone syrup; crafted in small batches using only the best ingredients, such as non-GMO 100% pure cane sugar and no corn syrup
Bullet Point 3: Eco-friendly; our drink flavoring syrup comes in a recyclable, BPA-free plastic bottle
Bullet Point 4: A flavor syrup for so much more than Hawaiian 🍧 snocones; use as coffee syrup, soda flavoring, slushie and ice pop, raspado, piragua, baked goods, smoothie, cocktail syrup, water flavor
Bullet Point 5: Excellence in every sip; superior flavoring syrup made in Tucson, Arizona, USA, a UNESCO Creative City of Gastronomy, by a family-owned small business
Bullet Point 6: Caffeine Free
Product Description: Hypothermias Fruit Punch Ready-to-Use Quart of Shaved Ice and Snow Cone Syrup is your go-to solution for creating delicious frozen treats at home or for your business. This quart-sized bottle contains approximately 32 fluid ounces of premium shaved ice syrup, meticulously crafted to deliver exceptional flavor with every pour. Crafted with precision and care, our premium syrup is formulated to upgrade your snowcone and shaved ice to gourmet levels. Made from non-GMO, 100% pure cane sugar and reverse osmosis water, our snow cone flavors syrup boasts a rich taste profile with absolutely no corn syrup. Made from only quality ingredients, you can trust that you're getting the best snow cone and shaved ice syrup every time. Each bottle is designed for convenient use, requiring no mixing or diluting. Simply pour over freshly shaved ice and enjoy the burst of sweetness in every bite. The quart-sized bottle ensures you have plenty on hand to satisfy your cravings or serve a crowd. But the versatility of our flavored syrup doesn't stop there. Explore endless culinary possibilities by incorporating it into baked goods, smoothies, cocktails, mocktails, slushees, or use it to flavor your water or soda. With robust flavor characteristics and smooth consistency, our snowcone syrup flavors add a delicious touch to any recipe or beverage. For optimal freshness, store the syrup in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight. With proper care, our flavoring syrup will maintain its quality and taste for an extended period of up to a year. The expiration date is clearly printed on the bottle. Experience the ultimate indulgence in frozen treats with Hypothermias Ready-to-Use Quart of Shaved Ice and Snow Cone Syrup. Upgrade your culinary creations with our premium syrup today.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71kSXVG1HbL.jpg,17.96
106058,"Item Name: Lotus Foods Organic Spicy Kimchi Rice Ramen Noodle Soup - Ramen Noodles, Cup of Noodles, Instant Ramen Bowl, Spicy Chili Flavor, Made With Organic Brown Rice - 1.98 Oz Cups (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: SPICY KIMCHI RAMEN - Try our gluten-free ramen noodle soup in Spicy Kimchi flavor. They're packed with freeze-dried kimchi, tofu, and shallots that absorb the delicious flavors when you add water
Bullet Point 2: PORTABLE AND NUTRITIOUS - At Lotus Foods, we're committed to nutrition and quality. Our instant ramen cups have zero artificial flavors and preservatives. Just wholesome ingredients ready in 3 minutes
Bullet Point 3: SPICE THINGS UP - While our kimchi ramen already comes with plenty of veggies, you can add more unique flavors by adding your favorite protein or even incorporating it in your spicy kimchi shrimp bowl
Bullet Point 4: EXPLORE YOUR PALETTE - Not in a spicy mood? Try our Tom Yum, Red Miso or Garlicky Veggie ramen noodle soup cups! All Certified Gluten-Free and made with organic brown rice
Bullet Point 5: ABOUT US: Founded in 1995, Lotus Foods ethically sources all our ingredients. We put people & the planet over profit by preserving biodiversity, focusing on sustainability & protecting farmer welfare
Value: 11.88
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81xeABY+CPL.jpg,16.74
7603,"Item Name: Yupik Slivered California Almonds, 35.2 Ounce, Chopped Raw Blanched Almonds, Gluten-Free, Kosher, Raw, Good Source Of Protein, Fiber, Iron & Calcium, Low In Carb, Pack of 1
Bullet Point 1: No added salt or oil
Bullet Point 2: A source of fiber and protein. Very low in sodium and cholesterol free
Bullet Point 3: A crunchy, wholesome snack that can also be used in recipes or as a topping
Bullet Point 4: Keep cool and dry
Bullet Point 5: Slivered, blanched, skinless almonds
Value: 35.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Qm4382QGL.jpg,34.0
287712,"Item Name: Cafe Du Monde Coffee and Chicory Decaffeinated, 13 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Available in regular and decaffeinated, Chocolaty flavor perfect any time of day, Serve with your favorite pastry
Bullet Point 2: 13 Ounce Coffee Can
Bullet Point 3: We use an Ethyl Acetate process to decaffeinate the coffee used in our
Bullet Point 4: blend of Coffee and Chicory. Ethyl Acetate is a natural chemical found
Bullet Point 5: in many fruits.
Value: 13.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61CyWyBFQYL.jpg,13.95
260789,"Item Name: Emerald Virginia Peanuts, Honey Roasted, 10 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Extra large, extra crunchy peanuts with a sweet honey glaze
Bullet Point 2: 5g of protein per serving keeps your energy up
Bullet Point 3: Non-GMO Project Verified; Certified Gluten Free; No artificial preservatives, colors, or flavors
Bullet Point 4: A delicious sweet and salty snack
Bullet Point 5: 10 oz resealable bag to keep peanuts fresh for later
Value: 60.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81uYZ0IBb+L.jpg,42.9
48835,"Item Name: Angie's Lite Kettle Corn, 5-Ounce (Pack of 12) ( Value Bulk Multi-pack)
Value: 60.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41tgUvupE5L.jpg,4.245
156401,"Item Name: Imagine Low Sodium Organic Vegetarian No-Chicken Broth 32 oz
Bullet Point 1: Our commitment to you: Organic vegetables. Non-GMO project verified
Bullet Point 2: Gluten Free & Kosher
Bullet Point 3: Low Sodium
Bullet Point 4: USDA Organic
Bullet Point 5: No artificial ingredients or preservatives
Value: 32.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71wwtmqSIkL.jpg,5.29
52248,"Item Name: Viva Doria Cherrywood Smoked Sea Salt, Fine Grain, 2 lb Reclosable Bag
Bullet Point 1: THE BEST CHERRYWOOD SMOKED SEA SALT: We take pride in our commitment to sourcing premium quality ingredients for our Cherrywood smoked sea salt, resulting in a product that boasts a clean and truly authentic smoky flavor.
Bullet Point 2: GOURMET APPEAL: Its unique flavor profile adds a touch of sophistication to any dish, transforming ordinary meals into extraordinary culinary experiences.
Bullet Point 3: WOOD-FIRED TASTE: Cherrywood smoked sea salt offers a richer and more robust smoky flavor with a touch of natural sweetness from the cherrywood. This type of smoked salt pairs well with grilled meats, game, and hearty dishes.
Bullet Point 4: RECLOSABLE STANDUP POUCH: Comes in a reclosable standup pouch bag, making it convenient to use.
Product Description: Indulge in the exquisite essence of our Cherrywood Smoked Sea Salt, meticulously crafted to perfection. With every gentle sprinkle, our Cherrywood Smoked Sea Salt imparts a delightful and nuanced smoky taste to your favorite recipes. Its presence adds depth and complexity to grilled meats, roasted vegetables, sauces, and marinades, enhancing their flavors with a sublime touch of sweet smokiness. This unique flavor profile beautifully complements game meats, hearty stews, and a variety of savory dishes, taking them to new dimensions of taste satisfaction. Whether incorporated during the cooking process or used as a finishing touch, its captivating smokiness dances on the palate, creating an unforgettable taste experience that lingers long after each delightful bite.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/817J96lFWRL.jpg,14.99
224633,"Item Name: Tru Fru Nature's Strawberries Hyper-dried Fresh in Dark Chocolate, Gluten Free, Non GMO, 16 oz, 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: CLEAN INGREDIENTS: Trü Frü Nature's Strawberries Hyper-dried Fresh in Dark Chocolate are made with clean ingredients. Gluten Free, Non GMO, 54% Cacao and real fruit..
Bullet Point 2: HYPER DRIED: 100 % Real strawberries. The strawberries are picked ripe, frozen fresh to capture natural ripeness and then Hyper-dried to lock in flavor and nutrition.
Bullet Point 3: GREAT SNACK: Perfect Snack for movie nights, family gatherings or whenever you are craving something sweet.
Bullet Point 4: GREAT GIFT: Give your loved ones the gift of indulgent and delightful strawberries immersed in dark chocolate. Great gift for special occasions.
Product Description: Tru Fru takes a perfect strawberry fully-ripened, uniquely hyper-dried fresh to enhance flavor by 8-10x while preserving 97% of the fruits' original nutrition before immersing in a premium dark chocolate for a life changing light and crunchy snack. Tru Fru is an indulgent and delightful snack. With only 150 calories per 1/4 cup serving, guilt-free never tasted so guilty. This fresh, delicious snack is perfect for movie nights or when you want a few bites of something sweet. Don't wait for special occasions to enjoy chocolate-covered strawberries!
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81eZ8-VmX1L.jpg,18.37
291119,"Item Name: Herb Tea, Smooth Move, 16 bag ( Value Bulk Multi-pack)
Bullet Point: 0669952
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71HJm7b+WYL.jpg,5.785
206125,"Item Name: Pili Hunters Wild Sprouted Pili Nuts - Raw Cacao & Organic Coconut Sugar - Paleo & Vegan Keto Snack for Low Carb Energy - Gluten & Dairy Free Superfood - Non-GMO - As Seen on Shark Tank - (16 oz Bag)
Bullet Point 1: KETO FRIENDLY SNACK - Pili nut healthy snacks are high in Omega-3 fatty acids and saturated fat with zero net carbs making this the perfect keto snack that is vegan and paleo-friendly.
Bullet Point 2: NUTRITIOUS and DELICIOUS - Nutty, rich, filling and satisfying with all the keto energy boosting power and is your gluten free, soy free, non gmo, dairy free snacks.
Bullet Point 3: SUPERFOOD - Our healthy snacks are complete protein with 8 amino acids and an excellent source of vitamin B1, copper, zinc, phosphorus, manganese, pili nuts contain the highest oil content and lowest carbohydrates of any nut varietal making this perfect for snacking or an add on to your paleo and vegan food.
Bullet Point 4: FEEL FULLER LONGER – Pili nuts salted vegan snacks contain all 8 amino acids and are rich in protein, curving your hunger.
Bullet Point 5: PILI HUNTERS MISSION - We’ve always been focused on sharing our favorite keto nut with the world while treating the Filipino rainforest, the pili nut's origin, with respect while offering a fair wage to the local harvesters.
Product Description: All of our pili nut products are sourced directly from the philippines’ wild pili tree. Completely fair trade. From harvester, to chopper, to processor: We make sure to take care of those who have helped us since day one. Pili Nuts are incredibly healthy for you with only 41g of fat, and only 2g of carbs per serving. Our Pili Nuts are the perfect snack to take on the go, they are Paleo, Vegan, and Keto Friendly Wild-Harvested Sprouted Pili Nuts. Enjoy the simple pleasure of pili nuts. AS SEEN ON SHARK TANK.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91tQV5aaqEL.jpg,47.99
220718,"Item Name: Bossen Creme Powder (Original)
Bullet Point 1: Silky & Indulgent: Create a perfectly smooth and creamy foam to elevate your favorite drinks, from bubble tea to fruit teas and more.
Bullet Point 2: Versatile & Eye-catching: Add a rich, thick cloud-like topping to beverages and desserts for a stunning, Instagram-worthy finish.
Bullet Point 3: Great Value: Each 2.2 lb (1 kg) bag yields approximately 20 servings (50g per serving)
Bullet Point 4: Premium Quality: Crafted with high-quality ingredients, Bossen Crema Whipping Powder ensures a smooth and luxurious finish—perfect for bubble tea shops, cafés, or home use.
Product Description: Create a delicious cream topping to enhance a wide range of beverages and desserts.
Value: 35.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51QPXKXik7L.jpg,22.99
268878,"Item Name: Caress Bar Soap for Silky, Soft Skin Daily Silk with Floral Fusion Oil 3.75 oz 8 Bars
Bullet Point 1: Caress Daily Silk is a silky bar soap infused with the delicate floral notes of White Peach and Orange Blossom
Bullet Point 2: A silky and moisturizing soap bar that will transform your shower into an everyday retreat
Bullet Point 3: Caress Daily Silk Beauty Bar soap blends rich lather and sophisticated fragrances
Bullet Point 4: Bar soap that gently cleanses and leaves skin delicately fragrant, beautifully soft
Bullet Point 5: All Caress fragrances including this soap bar are crafted by the world’s best perfumers
Value: 8.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/717MHjCW7rL.jpg,8.37
22787,"Item Name: Dr. Pepper Diet Cherry Soda, 12 oz (24 Pack)
Value: 288.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71AGLv-3ccL.jpg,6.105
87537,"Item Name: Tadin Seven Blossoms Herbal Tea, Caffeine Free, 24 Tea Bags Per Box, Pack of 6 Boxes Total
Bullet Point 1: FLAVOR AND AROMA NOTES: Tadin’s Seven Blossoms Herbal Tea blossoms with notes of mint, orange, and lemon. The aroma of sweet orange peels will flourish after your tea is finished steeping. Indulge in the delightful, soothing flavored tea.
Bullet Point 2: RELAXING TEA: After a long day of hustle and bustle, a cup of Tadin’s Seven Blossoms tea is sure to provide comfort. Linden flower, passion flower, and valerian root are skillfully blended to create this soothing and relaxing tea. A cup with Tadin Seven Blossoms tea bags provide warmth and comfort for a better sleep.
Bullet Point 3: WELLNESS STARTS WITHIN: Tadin sources the finest herbs and spices from around the globe. Our dedication to using herbs as botanical remedies makes our seven blossoms tea generational staple. Treat yourself to a cup of Tadin herbal tea and Add Flavor to Your Health! ¡Dale Sabor a Tu Salud con nuestro te de siete azares!
Bullet Point 4: DECAF TEA BAGS: Seven Blossoms Herbal Tea is a caffeine-free blend of tilia star flower, linden leaf and flower, hand-flower, lemon balm leaf, passion flower, peppermint leaf, spearmint leaf, valerian root, and orange oil. Comes in 6 packs of tea bags individually wrapped.
Bullet Point 5: EASY TO BREW: First, bring water to a boil. Second, pour the hot water over 1-2 herbal tea bags. Third, cover with a lid and let it steep for 2-3 minutes. Fourth, gently squeeze out herbal goodness from your tea bags and enjoy!
Value: 144.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51MdhhbVmwL.jpg,22.69
120063,"Item Name: De Mi Pais Jelly Fresh Gelatin Jellies/Fruit Flavored Jellies, including Grape, Apple, Orange, Pineapple, and Green Apple (12)
Product Description: De Mi Pais Jelly Fresh Gelatin Jellies / Fruit Flavored Jellies, including Grape, Apple, Orange, Pineapple, and Green Apple
Value: 10.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81TeLY4Jw-L.jpg,42.39
106361,"Item Name: DaVinci Gourmet Classic Peanut Butter Syrup, 25.4 Fluid Ounces (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Peanut Butter Syrup: Experience delicious, creamy-tasting peanut butter flavor in every drop of DaVinci Gourmet Classic Peanut Butter Syrup.
Bullet Point 2: Naturally Sweet: Our peanut butter flavored syrup is sweetened with pure cane sugar for the perfect balance of sweetness and authentic nutty taste.
Bullet Point 3: Bring home authentic coffeeshop flavor with DaVinci Gourmet Classic Peanut Butter Syrup; Mix into your morning coffee, blend into smoothies, top desserts and more; Our versatile syrups add flavor to your beverage and culinary creations
Bullet Point 4: From coffeehouse classics to back bar essentials, wellness-oriented to trend-forward, DaVinci Gourmet syrups are crafted to create a premium experience for today's beverage creators through innovative flavors and quality ingredients
Bullet Point 5: DaVinci Gourmet was born out of Seattle’s coffee culture in 1989 and is driven by a passion for crafting exceptional flavors that stir emotion and invigorate guests; We were born to raise flavor
Value: 101.6
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81j0KTWLGsL.jpg,32.34
287764,"Item Name: Tootsie Roll Andes Creme De Menthe Thin Mints - After Dinner Mints - Rectangular Chocolate Sandwich Mint Candies - 20 Oz, 120 Count
Bullet Point 1: Rectangular three-layered candy‚ green mint sandwiched between two thin cocoa-based layers
Bullet Point 2: Product Note: Exposure to heat or sunlight may lead to melting/damage of product. Hence customers are expected to be available during the product delivery
Bullet Point 3: 120-Count Packages of Andes Crème de Menthe Thin Mints
Bullet Point 4: Individually foil-wrapped, bite-sized pieces
Bullet Point 5: Perfect for everyday snacking or a great way to end a wonderful meal
Bullet Point 6: Andes Mints are Kosher, Peanut Free and Gluten Free.
Value: 20.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61xDgG+A+NL.jpg,14.99
55196,"Item Name: Cheez-It Cheese Crackers, Baked Snack Crackers, Lunch Snacks, Grab n' Go, Extra Cheesy, 6.75lb Case (36 Pouches)
Bullet Point 1: Baked with even more toastiness, tastiness, and cheesiness, our baked snack crackers are made for big time snacking; Made with 100% real cheese that's been carefully aged for bold taste in every bite
Bullet Point 2: Offer as an easy-to-grab snack, placed near the register or with other salty snacks; Good fit for convenience, recreation, lodging, hospital, transportation, college and university industries
Bullet Point 3: Cheez-It Extra Cheesy Cheese Crackers are an easy, scrumptious way to bring a burst of crispy, crunchy goodness to anytime snacking; An easy-cheesy choice for satisfying crunches by the mouthful
Bullet Point 4: Packaged for freshness and great taste; This 6.75lb case contains six, 18oz Grab n' Go boxes each containing six, 3oz pouches of Cheez-It Extra Cheesy Cheese Crackers (case measures 19.813 IN x 15.313 IN x 7.875 IN)
Value: 108.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/8105Oh8BoYL.jpg,65.7
193960,"Item Name: Better Oats 100 Calorie Maple and Brown Sugar Oatmeal Packets, 100 Calorie Oatmeal Pouches, 90 Second Instant Oatmeal with Flax Seeds and Rolled Oats, Pack of 6, 9.8 OZ Pack
Bullet Point 1: Contains 6 - 9.8oz Boxes
Bullet Point 2: Better Oats Maple and Brown Sugar Instant Oatmeal is made with whole grain oats and is 100 calories per serving
Bullet Point 3: Our quick cooking oatmeal is a cholesterol free food
Bullet Point 4: Our instant oatmeal is made with flax seed - a good source of ALA Omega 3
Value: 58.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/611-mXDNi3L.jpg,4.46
216337,"Item Name: Simply Asia Sesame Ginger Hibachi Rice Bowl Seasoning Mix, 1 oz (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Convenient seasoning mix for quick & easy hibachi-style meals
Bullet Point 2: Featuring sesame and ginger
Bullet Point 3: Umami-rich flavor with a punch of zingy ginger
Bullet Point 4: Great for rice bowls, noodle bowls, hibachi-style meals, and stir-fry
Bullet Point 5: Use to season, chicken, steak, tofu, shrimp, and vegetables
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81H1ZbyEWyL.jpg,18.28
50253,"Item Name: Food to Live Blue Spirulina Powder, 12 Ounces — Pure Raw Blue-Green Algae Extract, Kosher, Vegan, Non-Irradiated, Rich in Phycocyanin, Great for Juices, Smoothies, Shakes, Drinks, and Food Coloring
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ PREMIUM QUALITY: Blue Spirulina Powder by Food to Live is a premium quality fine powder. It is a Kosher superfood. Moreover, its free of trans-fat and cholesterol.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️ HIGHLY NUTRITIOUS SUPERFOOD: Blue Spirulina Powder is an excellent source of Vitamins B1, B2, B3, Iron, Copper, Magnesium, Potassium, Manganese, and Phycocyanin, a powerful antioxidant.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️ RAW & CONTAINS NO ADDITIVES: Food to Live’s Blue Spirulina Powder is 100% Raw and contains no additives. It’s suitable for Keto, Paleo, and Vegan diets.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️ EXTREMELY VERSATILE: Use this powder for smoothies, protein shakes, lattes, bowls, raw desserts, muffins, cakes, pies, and ice-cream. Sprinkle it over any dish as a nutritional booster.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️ FOOD COLORING AGENT: With this ingredient in your kitchen, you may forget about artificial food dyes. Blue Spirulina Powder will give your favorite dishes and baked goodies a magnificent blue color.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71X58QIid3L.jpg,52.98
170960,"Item Name: Buffalo Bills 16oz Premium Beer Jerky Pieces (beef jerky marinated in Honey Brown Ale)
Bullet Point 1: 16oz of our Buffalo Bills Premium Beer Jerky in random size pieces
Bullet Point 2: Our Premium Beer Jerky is made using slices of beef top round marinated in a Honey Brown Ale
Bullet Point 3: It’s one unique and flavorful beef jerky that both beer lovers and jerky lovers will truly enjoy
Bullet Point 4: Proudly made in the USA with 100% US beef - USDA inspected and approved
Bullet Point 5: Chew the Brew - and it's only 80 calories per ounce
Product Description: 1 full pound of our Buffalo Bills Premium Beer Jerky in random size pieces - it’s the brew you can chew! Pieces vary in size from 1"" to 5"" in length. To make this specialty jerky, we slice USDA top round into strips, soak them in a beer marinade (Honey Brown Ale to be exact) with a mild seasoning blend, and then hang the beer marinated beef strips in our smokehouse. The end result is one unique and flavorful beef jerky that both beer lovers and jerky lovers will truly enjoy. Buffalo Bills Premium Beer Jerky is a ""hung in the smokehouse"", whole-muscle beef jerky that is proudly made in the USA using only US-raised beef. Chew the brew! Our line of Premium ""Hung in the Smokehouse"" Beef Jerky is available in 3 distinct flavors - Hickory, Maple Pepper, and Beer (beef jerky marinated in a Honey Brown Ale).
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71cHhMN9keL.jpg,39.99
144073,"Item Name: Fig White Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 531508)
Bullet Point 1: Our Fig White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Figs (Dried), Anise Seeds and Rose Petals that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Fig flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Figs (Dried), Anise Seeds, Rose Petals and Natural Fig Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf White Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Fig White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Figs (Dried), Anise Seeds and Rose Petals that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Fig flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Figs (Dried), Anise Seeds, Rose Petals and Natural Fig Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability an
Value: 4.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41hgC-nsu0L.jpg,30.01
201477,"Item Name: Just Ice Tea, Lemon Flavored Black Iced Tea, 12-Pack (12oz Cans), USDA Certified Organic, Real Brewed, Low Calorie, No Artificial Sweeteners, Fair Trade, Made in USA.
Bullet Point 1: 【Fresh-brewed flavor in every can】Real tea brewed from handpicked organic leaves; never from concentrate or powders
Bullet Point 2: 【Organic and fair trade ingredients】 Sourced from certified organic farms; supports farmers with fair wages and community support
Bullet Point 3: 【Just Sweet Enough】Free from artificial sweeteners, flavors, stevia and monkfruit; clean and natural taste
Bullet Point 4: 【Chef-crafted tea blends】Expertly brewed to bring out the best tea flavor; balanced, smooth, and refreshing in every sip. Never bitter.
Bullet Point 5: 【Made in USA in 12oz cans】Brewed and packaged domestically; convenient size for everyday refreshment
Product Description: Discover real-brewed refreshment with Just Ice Tea — a collection of organic, chef-crafted teas made with simple, honest ingredients. Each can is brewed using handpicked organic tea leaves sourced from a global network of certified organic farms. No concentrates. No Powders. Just pure tea brewed to perfection with fair trade ingredients all while being Just Sweet Enough. You’ll taste the difference in every sip. Just Ice Tea is available in a variety of bold, refreshing flavors, all made with only organic sweeteners. Choose from classic black teas to vibrant green and oolong blends: Just Ice Tea Lemon Black Tea – Bold and citrusy Just Ice Tea Raspberry Black Tea – Full-bodied and fruity Just Ice Tea Dragon Green Passionfruit Tea – Clean and crisp Just Ice Tea Golden Oolong Tea – Smooth and smoky Just Ice Tea Enjoy Mint Tea – Cooling and herbaceous Offered in convenient 12-pack or 24-pack options, each 12oz can delivers clean, revitalizing hydration without the extras. Just real ingredients, brewed right here in the USA. Perfect for your morning go-to and afternoon pick-me-up, lunchboxes, road trips, workouts, or simply relaxing at home. Taste what tea was meant to be — refreshing, balanced, and brewed with purpose.
Value: 144.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/817g43FSfeL.jpg,38.49
263102,"Item Name: Ruby Kist 27 Percent Classic Cranberry Juice Cocktail, 10 Fluid Ounce -- 24 per case.
Product Description: Ruby Kist 27 Percent Classic Cranberry Juice Cocktail, 10 Fluid Ounce -- 24 per case. The Ruby Kist brand stands for value. It is available in a wide variety of flavors and packaging solutions to customize your selection and shelf space. Delivering the same satisfying taste and quality as our Private Brand products, Ruby Kist is currently available at numerous retailers in all classes of trade as well as through Foodservice channels. Country of Origin: United States
Value: 24.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41+F2SFgDoL.jpg,55.38
202612,"Item Name: ONE Protein Bars, Hershey's Cookies 'n' Creme, Gluten Free with 18g Protein and 3g Sugar, Pantry Staples, 2.12 oz (12 Count)
Bullet Point 1: HERSHEY COOKIES & CRME PROTEIN: Enjoy a protein packed ONE bar inspired by the flavors of HERSHEY'S Cookies 'n' Creme candy for breakfast or lunch or bring it with you to the office or gym, golf course, or for a pre- or post-workout snack
Bullet Point 2: WHEY PROTEIN ISOLATE: Try our delicious gluten free protein bars packed with 20 grams of whey isolate protein and 1 gram of sugar per bar
Bullet Point 3: ON THE GO PROTEIN: ONE protein bars are perfect for enjoying while hiking, golfing, traveling, family gatherings, after the gym, and all the ordinary days in-between
Bullet Point 4: DELICIOUS HIGH PROTEIN BARS: Enjoy classic cookies and creme flavor with ONE protein bars all year long
Bullet Point 5: THE ONE PROTEIN BAR: Discover all the mouthwatering, high-protein bars from ONE! Whether you're craving our classic core flavors, limited-edition options, or even a Hershey's ONE Reese's Peanut Butter Lovers Bar, weve got something for every taste. Packed with protein and flavor, these bars are perfect for fueling everyday. Try them all and find your next pantry staple today!
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61nlWRBBdbL.jpg,14.389999999999999
228323,"Item Name: Le Sauce Gourmet Classic Green Peppercorn Sauce 2-pack, 2 serving Gourmet Steakhouse Quality Finishing Sauce, Low Sugar Steak Sauce, Pork Chops, Chicken, Potatoes, Vegetables or Shrimp w/Whole Food Ingredient Sauce Packets, Cream Steak Sauce
Bullet Point 1: Why Two Packs and Two Servings? We know that over 65% of dinners are happening at home with just 1 or 2 people at the table. We want to make sure you are getting fresh and delicious gourmet pasta sauce every single time you open a Le Sauce pouch. There will never be any food waste, or suspect moldy sauce in the fridge ever again. We are in pouch packaging because it has 70% less of a carbon footprint than glass jars do. Better for your wallet and the environment!
Bullet Point 2: Transform Meals to Food Experiences: Our sauces flavored with green peppercorns are bold, savory, and versatile, adding new dimensions to any dish. Whether it’s drizzled over chuck steak, organic meat, burger seasoning,beef steak, meat, oysters, steak, and pasta, our special green peppercorn sauce mix is loaded with spices and seasonings that can take your steak meat, beef bouillon, organic steak, bechamel sauce to an entirely different level of flavorful creamy gourmet food in seconds.
Bullet Point 3: Tasty Finish: Give all your meals an extra oomph with this pack of sauces. They’re all so simple to use and are made with whole foods like heavy cream, chicken stock, and fresh ingredients, giving them a rich flavor that will add depth to your chicken, seafood, or pasta dishes. Enjoy the smells and seasoning of ground pepper, organic onion, cream, butter, garlic, and green peppercorns—authentic blends of quality ingredients and carefully balanced flavor profiles.
Bullet Point 4: Versatile Sauce: Bring your next meal up a notch with our delectable gourmet food sauces. The versatility of these sauces and their ability to enhance the flavor of just about any dish—fish, chicken, shrimp, and more—is fantastic. From chicken sauce to burger sauce to steak sauce, you can’t go wrong with our rich and robust sauces to top your favorite meats or enjoy delicious pasta with our gourmet sauce.
Bullet Point 5: Variety Of Sauces: Add a finishing touch to your favorite dish with our variety of gourmet sauces. Classic Green Peppercorn and White Wine Lemon Garlic are great pairings for a lemon garlic dressing and heavy cream for pasta, fish, or chicken main courses. Mole de Puebla is a traditional sauce with an authentic Mexican flavor; Roasted Poblano & Garlic add savory heat to any plate. The Classic Demi-Glace sauce intended for meats or used as a base for different sauces.
Bullet Point 6: About Us: Le Sauce & Co is an entrepreneurial women-owned small business created to unify your shared food experiences with the perfect finish — adding layers of flavor that complement and earn compliments. We’ve made it easy to delight palates, discover new cuisines, and make memories with every meal, even at home. Whether you have the time or skills, we are here to make your life more delicious. Enjoy the sauce of life!
Product Description: Indulge your taste buds with our Classic Green Peppercorn Finishing Sauce, the ultimate secret weapon in any culinary arsenal! Impeccably crafted from a blend of rich heavy cream, veal stock, beef stock, tangy mustard, chardonnay, shallots and herbs, our sauce will tantalize your senses and transform every meal into a gourmet masterpiece. Crafted with care using only the finest ingredients, each pouch of our Classic Green Peppercorn Finishing Sauce is made in small batches to ensure exceptional quality and consistency. Unlock the full potential of your culinary creations and experience the decadent flavors of our Classic Green Peppercorn Finishing Sauce today. Take your meals to new heights and awaken your taste buds to a whole new world of exquisite flavors and unparalleled gastronomic pleasure. This bouillon or au jus gravy like sauce is better than any kind of gravy, steak sauce or aioli you've tried before. You can add this to tri tip, organic whole chicken, chicken burger, steak fries, thin sliced steak, filet mignon, duck, mushrooms, ribs, carrots, turkey, hamburgers, lamb chops, cooked chicken, meatloaf, shepards pie, beef roast, beef ribs, roasted chicken. This green peppercorn sauce uses a reduced brown stock like veal stock and beef stock to perfectly drizzle over prime rib, beef tenderloin. This gluten free beef peppercorns steak sauce hamburger sauce gravy mix seasoning can be added to anything delicious like beef tips, lamb roast, t bone steak, strip steak, flank steak, skirt steak or fillet. This smash burger steak seasoning is perfect for marinated meat, smash burger seasoning, bison steak, tbone steak, meat sauce, marinated steak, stir fry steak, meat marinade, cooking sauce, poutine gravy, salsbury steak, peppercorn ranch, filet mignon, pork roast, salisbury steak, grilled chicken, pot roast beef, chicken thighs, hamburger meat, ny strip steak, pulled chicken, steak tips, bison, or organic chicken.
Value: 9.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Llag0666L.jpg,20.6
10373,"Item Name: Jones Soda Co. Berry Lemonade Soda Flavor | 100% Cane Sugar Soda | Craft Soda Pop | Soda Soft Drinks | 12 Oz Glass Bottle Soda (4 - Pack)
Bullet Point: [Jones Berry Lemonade Soda] Some may think we simply took berries and added them to lemonade to make our Berry Lemonade. But we’re JONES SODA, so we flipped the switch and put Lemons in our Berry-ade, creating a whole new category of flavor. Lemon-Berry-ade didn’t quite roll off the tongue right, so we came up with Berry Lemonade all by ourselves. Creative, no. Refreshing, yes. The blue color was Jerry’s idea.
Product Description: [Jones Berry Lemonade Soda] Some may think we simply took berries and added them to lemonade to make our Berry Lemonade. But we’re JONES SODA, so we flipped the switch and put Lemons in our Berry-ade, creating a whole new category of flavor. Lemon-Berry-ade didn’t quite roll off the tongue right, so we came up with Berry Lemonade all by ourselves. Creative, no. Refreshing, yes. The blue color was Jerry’s idea.
Value: 48.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81q4pP0MHLL.jpg,11.94
118238,"Item Name: CHIPS AHOY! Original Chocolate Chip Cookies, 72 Snack Packs (2 Cookies Per Pack, 4 Boxes)
Bullet Point 1: This bulk cookie pack contains 72 - 2 count cookie packs of CHIPS AHOY! Original Chocolate Chip Cookies (packaging may vary)
Bullet Point 2: Two full-size original CHIPS AHOY! chocolate chip cookies in each convenient snack pack
Bullet Point 3: Crispy chocolate chip cookies baked to have the perfect amount of crunch and loaded with real chocolate chips
Bullet Point 4: Kosher cookies make delicious lunch snacks, office snacks, ice cream toppers and party favors
Bullet Point 5: Individually wrapped packs make these great for snacking, sharing and on-the-go
Value: 55.75
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/812MaCXj60L.jpg,9.86
148947,"Item Name: Veggie-Go's, Organic Mango Apple Pumpkin Strip, 0.42 oz
Product Description: Breakfast
Value: 0.42
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71XP4UmpYVL.jpg,11.07
142345,"Item Name: Vanilla Cream Decaf Black Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 531092) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Vanilla Cream Decaf Black Tea is a wonderful flavored decaffeinated Black tea that you will enjoy the simple and elegant taste of! - Ingredients: Decaf Black tea and natural vanilla cream flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Black Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Vanilla Cream Decaf Black Tea is a wonderful flavored decaffeinated Black tea that you will enjoy the simple and elegant taste of! - Ingredients: Decaf Black tea and natural vanilla cream flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and to look for new ways to serve you and the ones you love. TerraVit
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/416z-y24TbL.jpg,52.61
84044,"Item Name: Real Foods Corn Thins Multi-Grain Popped Corn Cakes, 5.3 oz, (Pack of 6)
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61qBAk7kSWL.jpg,23.29
289330,"Item Name: HORMEL COMPLEATS Beef Pot Roast Microwave Tray, 9 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Microwave Beef Pot Roast: Featuring tender beef with potatoes and carrots in a savory brown sauce. This convenient dish hits the spot with 16 grams of protein per serving
Bullet Point 2: Shelf To Table: Made with high quality ingredients and homestyle recipes HORMEL COMPLEATS products deliver a satisfying dinner or lunch that is ready to eat in 60 seconds; No prep, no mess, and no clean up
Bullet Point 3: Real Food. Real Fast: HORMEL COMPLEATS microwave trays are shelf stable and deliver a hearty dinner; Stock your pantry, desk, or locker for a quick, tasty dish anytime
Bullet Point 4: Good Taste: From chili with beans to Salisbury steak, mac and cheese, beef stew, chicken and dumplings, pot pie and more, HORMEL COMPLEATS microwaveable trays are an easy, affordable way to get dinner done
Bullet Point 5: HORMEL COMPLEATS products: On the job or at home after a long day, HORMEL COMPLEATS microwavable trays meet you where you're at; satisfying lunch or dinner that is ready in 60 seconds with no prep, clean-up, or freezer required
Value: 54.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/816+3ymklpL.jpg,2.99
233938,"Item Name: KIT KAT Miniatures Wafer Candy Bars 2 Lb (Raspberry)
Bullet Point: kit kat
Product Description: kit kat
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51BhCn44MaL.jpg,24.5
12068,"Item Name: Warm Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning | Large Shaker | Calorie Free | Fat Free | Saturated Fat Free | Cholesterol Free | Sodium Free | Low Sugar | Crafted in Small Batches | Premium | Gourmet Warm Apple Pie Seasoning – Transform Your Popcorn into a Dessert Delight!
Bullet Point 1: Introducing our Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning, a delightful blend that brings the comforting flavors of a classic apple pie straight to your popcorn. Perfect for creating a cozy and delicious snack, this seasoning combines sweet and warm spices that will make your taste buds dance with joy.
Bullet Point 2: 🍏 Classic Apple Pie Flavor: Experience the nostalgic taste of homemade apple pie with every bite. Our Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning blends the sweetness of ripe apples with warm spices like cinnamon, nutmeg, and a hint of vanilla, perfectly capturing the essence of this beloved dessert.
Bullet Point 3: 🍿 Perfect for Popcorn and More: While it's designed to enhance your popcorn, this versatile seasoning can also add a delicious twist to other snacks. Try it on roasted nuts, sweet potato fries, or even sprinkle it on your morning oatmeal for a burst of apple pie goodness.
Bullet Point 4: 🌿 Natural Ingredients: Made with high-quality, all-natural ingredients, our Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning is free from artificial additives and preservatives. Each blend is crafted to provide a rich and authentic taste, ensuring every bite is as delightful as the last.
Bullet Point 5: 👩‍🍳 Easy to Use: Adding our Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning to your snacks is quick and simple. Just sprinkle it over freshly popped popcorn and toss to coat evenly. For an extra special treat, try adding a touch of melted butter or a drizzle of caramel sauce before sprinkling the seasoning.
Bullet Point 6: 🎉 Perfect for Any Occasion: Whether you're hosting a movie night, enjoying a cozy evening at home, or preparing a sweet treat for a party, our Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning is sure to be a hit. Its unique flavor profile adds a gourmet touch to any occasion, making your snacks more enjoyable.
Bullet Point 7: 🌟 Great for Gifting: Our Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning makes a wonderful gift for popcorn lovers and food enthusiasts alike. Its delightful flavor and premium quality make it a thoughtful and delicious present for any occasion.
Bullet Point 8: Elevate your snacking experience with our Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning. With its perfect blend of sweet and warm spices, it’s the ultimate way to enjoy the comforting flavors of apple pie in a whole new way. 🍏🍿🌿🎉
Bullet Point 9: A double FRESHNESS seal is applied to FRESH ingredients immediately after blending for maximum flavor and zest. TASTE the PREMIUM difference!
Bullet Point 10: Buy today and enjoy! Gluten free. No MSG. Sturdy 5.5 fl. oz. BPA free shaker bottle with both pour and sift options and a flavor lock cap.
Product Description: Introducing our Apple Pie Popcorn Seasoning, a delightful blend that brings the comforting flavors of a classic apple pie straight to your popcorn. Perfect for creating a cozy and delicious snack, this seasoning combines sweet and warm spices that will make your taste buds dance with joy.
Value: 5.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81-LgiTo5EL.jpg,12.88
266573,"Item Name: Taylors of Harrogate, Scottish Breakfast Tea, 20 Teabags
Bullet Point 1: Originally blended for the soft waters of Scotland, this traditional Scottish Breakfast blend can be enjoyed wherever you live.
Bullet Point 2: It's a blend of the very best Assam and African teas, with an inviting bright color in the cup and a full, rich flavor, which makes it perfect for serving at breakfast time.
Bullet Point 3: Serve this bold morning tea with or without milk.
Bullet Point 4: Non-GMO, Member of Ethical Tea Partnership, and Rainforest Alliance Accredited
Value: 20.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61cQ45mn38L.jpg,5.62
247742,"Item Name: SPIRIT OF ART - Organic Saffron Threads for Cooking Saffron Rice, Paella, Risotto, Soup, Desserts and Tea. (10 gram / .35 OZ)
Bullet Point 1: SAFFRON
Bullet Point 2: FLOWER
Bullet Point 3: FOOD
Bullet Point 4: TEA
Bullet Point 5: RICE
Bullet Point 6: CHICKEN
Bullet Point 7: STRONG AROMA
Bullet Point 8: RED THREADS
Product Description: SPAIN NATURAL ORGANIC PURE SAFFRON GRADE A+ HAND PICKED NATURAL COLOR AND NATURAL SMELL GROWN NATURALLY GOOD FOR TEA , CHICKEN , RICE AND GET THE STRESS OUT OF YOUR SYSTEM BY DRINKING WITH TEA SUPER NEGIN QUALITY Finest Gourmet 100% pure, organically grown Sargol Saffron from the bountiful farmlands of Herat, SPAIN World's highest quality saffron direct from spainish Farmers.saffron has been certified as one of the world’s best saffron rated by ITQI (International Taste and Quality Instititute) with a color reading of up to 290. No GMO, No Chemical Pesticides, No Chemical Fertilizers and No Additives. Rare Stigma Cut Sargol with full bodied Aroma & flavor color Well first you should learn how to recognize a lesser quality saffron. In addition to the red stigmas you should also look for lots of white or yellow strands and even a mushy texture (this is due to a higher water moisture content used to add weight to the product). As mentioned earlier the yellow is from the style which provides no flavor or aroma – too much yellow or moistness are both sure signs of a lower grade saffron. Top grade saffron possesses a deep red color, is dry to the touch and the stigmas will be 3/8” to 1/2” in length.
Value: 0.3527
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41i5kA5uQ5L.jpg,13.99
120806,"Item Name: Yerbae, Yerbae Triple Berry Sparkling +Crv, 16 Ounce
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41xFApfjGgL.jpg,1.88
76474,"Item Name: Coolbreeze Beverages Energy Drink Syrup, Concentrated Flavor Syrup - 2.5 Gallon BIB Bag in Box - Xxxplode
Bullet Point 1: Mix Ratio: 5:1
Bullet Point 2: This listing is for (1) 2.5 gallon Bag in Box Xxxplode Energy Drink Syrup Concentrate
Bullet Point 3: It works great with the gray BIB connector
Product Description: We use only the freshest, and finest locally available ingredients, and from our bottles, boxes, and our full line of Flavor Syrups, Smoothie Blends, and Frozen Drink Mixes, our Products are sourced and made in the USA! Coolbreeze Beverages was founded in 2003, and since it’s start, has filled a huge gap in the Frozen Drink Industry’s lack of Flavor Selection! We take pride in offering you over 50 Flavors of Frozen Drink Mixes, a wide range of Bag-In-Box Juices, FCB Syrups, Soda Flavor Syrups, and much more! Come take a look and see why our regular customers can’t get enough of Coolbreeze! We supply to a wide variety of local, national, and worldwide venues, programs, and businesses! From Florida’s infamous beach hangouts in Clearwater to Sports Arenas and Stadiums, Concert Venues and Restaurants, and even, individual bottles shipped to homes worldwide, no order is too small or large!
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Iqlv4n5pL.jpg,77.99
196481,"Item Name: Garlic (Certified Organic) Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 517699) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Garlic (Certified Organic) Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 517699)
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Garlic (Certified Organic) Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 517699)<BR><BR>Packaged in the United States in a GMP certified facility (Good Manufacturing Practice).<BR><BR>No fillers.<BR><BR>Manufacturer: TerraVita<BR><BR>Size: 8 oz<BR><BR>Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!<BR><BR>Ingredients: Garlic (Certified Organic)
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41j+pjlZ5yL.jpg,43.32
96295,"Item Name: Cavender's All Purpose Greek Seasoning (Salt Free/No MSG) - 7 oz (pack of 2)-
Bullet Point 1: Instantly add scrumptious flavor to meat, seafood, veggies, soups, salads and even popcorn with Cavender's Greek Seasoning
Bullet Point 2: This all-purpose seasoning mix is based on a traditional Greek formula passed down for generations, using 13 different spices
Bullet Point 3: A tantalizing taste treat
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/313s23mjHUL.jpg,21.775
148380,"Item Name: Black Raspberry Orange Chamomile Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 538478) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Black Raspberry Orange Chamomile Tea is a delicious flavored Chamomile tea with Blackberry, Raspberries (Red) and Orange Peel that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural Black Raspberry Orange taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Chamomile tea, Blackberry, Raspberries (Red), Orange Peel and Natural Black Raspberry Orange Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Chamomile Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Black Raspberry Orange Chamomile Tea is a delicious flavored Chamomile tea with Blackberry, Raspberries (Red) and Orange Peel that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural Black Raspberry Orange taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Chamomile tea, Blackberry, Raspberries (Red), Orange Peel and Natural Black Raspberry Orange Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reli
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41zEeJRBXGL.jpg,50.58
137493,"Item Name: L'Oréal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Intensive Overnight Mask, 1.7 oz.
Bullet Point 1: Intensive anti-aging overnight face mask that reduces wrinkles, re-firms contours and replenishes moisture
Bullet Point 2: Dermatologist tested for safety, this anti-aging face mask helps transform the look of aging by combining an overnight mask cream formula with concentrated anti-aging ingredients, Pro-Xylane and Elasti-Flex
Bullet Point 3: Pro-Xylane is a powerful and exclusive anti-aging ingredient; Elasti-Flex is an innovative texture that mimics skin’s own elasticity by forming a virtual protective mask to cradle skin and help transform look of aging
Bullet Point 4: Immediately after using the face mask skin feels hydrated and supple; in 4 weeks of use skin feels tighter as if lifted, fine lines and wrinkles are visibly diminished and skin feels firmer
Bullet Point 5: For best results apply anti-aging face mask every evening prior to sleep on cleansed skin; can be used alone or as the last step after your eye serum treatments
Value: 1.7
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81n9adKkOdL.jpg,20.915
54835,"Item Name: Choice Organic Teas - Herbal Tea Variety Pack Sampler - Includes Rooibos, Grapefruit Honeybush, and Mint Sage Organic Teas - 48 Tea Bags (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point 1: Variety Pack Sampler: Choice Organics Herbal Tea Variety Pack Sampler includes sweet and earthy Organic Rooibos tea, vivacious Organic Grapefruit Honeybush tea, and bright and aromatic Organic Mint Sage tea.
Bullet Point 2: Caffeine: Sit back and enjoy. Choice Organics Rooibos tea, Grapefruit Honeybush tea, and Mint Sage tea are naturally caffeine-free.
Bullet Point 3: Better-For-You Ingredients: USDA Certified Organic, Non-GMO Project Verified, Fair Trade Certified (Organic Rooibos Herbal), Kosher Certified, Vegan and Gluten-Free. Crafted from high-quality teas and botanicals – no artificial flavors or sweeteners.
Bullet Point 4: We Choose to Care for the Planet: Our organic teas are individually packaged in natural fiber, compostable tea bags and then packed into cartons made from 100% recycled paperboard. Our teas are expertly blended in our LEED-certified tea facility
Bullet Point 5: Tea with Intention: A collection of black, puerh, oolong, green, white and herbal teas, sustainably sourced and blended to perfection for a full-flavored taste experience every time
Product Description: Choice Organics offers a collection of black, puerh, oolong, green, white, and herbal teas, sustainably sourced and blended to perfection for a full-flavored taste experience every time.
Value: 48.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81D3PLvwl-L.jpg,13.99
132016,"Item Name: Haldiram's Boondi Masala - 14.12 Oz
Value: 400.0
Unit: gram
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61qtS13O6YL.jpg,8.95
204405,"Item Name: Bubblegum Kids Sugar Free Gum - For Kids and Adults - Vegan Friendly - Retro, Parent Approved Bubble Gum with Burst of Sweet Flavor - Variety Pack (8 Pack of Fruit Flavors)
Bullet Point 1: 🦄 BUBBLEGUM REIMAGINED - Bubblegum Kids is a delightful sugarless gum that captures the timeless taste of classic bubble gum in a variety of flavors, taking you on a nostalgic journey back to carefree days while being surprisingly sugar-free. Indulge in 4 unique fruity flavors of sugar free bubblegum!
Bullet Point 2: 👍 SUGAR-FREE GUM THAT DOESN'T TASTE SUGAR-FREE - Enjoy our watermelon flavored gum with a hint of fun in every chew! Unlike traditional gums that use corn syrup or sugar, our sugar free chewing gum delivers an ultimate, health-conscious alternative that’s vegan friendly.
Bullet Point 3: 🍬 A HEALTHIER AND TASTIER CHEWING GUM - Our sugar free bubble gum is a healthier and tastier choice to traditional candy. Its long lasting flavor means you can chew and chew while knowing you're making a better choice for your taste buds and your health. Its long lasting flavor means you can chew and chew while knowing you're making a better choice for your taste buds and your health.
Bullet Point 4: 😘 LESS CALORIES, MORE BUBBLEGUM FUN - Our sugar free chewing gum is vegan and gluten-free with only 5 calories per 2 pieces and a remarkable 86% fewer calories than regular bubblegum so you can enjoy it guilt-free!
Bullet Point 5: 🍭 SWEETNESS WITHOUT THE SUGAR RUSH - Bubblegum Kids is crafted for kids and kids at heart. Dive into a world of unbeatable sweetness with every chew, wrapped in a fruity watermelon, blueberry, strawberry or banana flavor that lasts!
Value: 440.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51PkhqGPP4L.jpg,32.0
257677,"Item Name: Duke's Mayonnaise - Smooth & Creamy - Convenient Pouch - Net Wt. 8 FL OZ (.236 L) Each - Pack of 4
Bullet Point: Easy pour pouch.
Product Description: This classic southern style mayo comes in an easy pour pouch, perfect for picnics!
Value: 32.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51xB8IKBwQL.jpg,2.2649999999999997
114494,"Item Name: Gold Medal White Cake Mix, 5 Lb Box (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: High ratio sugar formula means Gold Medal cakes are moist and tender, from the first to the final slice
Bullet Point 2: This white cake Mix with traditional vanilla flavor in an easy, just add water format, produces consistent, scratch like taste and superior results every time. Highly tolerant formulas forgive minor preparation errors and eliminate waste
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Dimension: 15.68"" L x 11.75"" W x 10.0"" H
Bullet Point 4: Country Of Origin: United States
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71tIpr1c3rL.jpg,76.265
262627,"Item Name: Scott's Porage Oats - 1kg
Product Description: Scott's Porage Oats have been milled in Scotland since 1880 and to ensure you enjoy every bowlful we use only the highest quality oats and milling processes.We carefully grade and select each grain so that only the best oats go into every pack.To create our own distinctive taste the oats are rolled thicker and are gently kilned - to bring you the true taste of Scotland!A & R Scott The true taste of Scotland Enjoy as part of a varied and balanced diet and a healthy lifestyle. Oat beta-glucan has been shown to lower blood cholesterol. High cholesterol is a risk factor in the development of coronary heart disease. Coronary heart disease has multiple risk factors and altering one of these risk factors may or may not have a beneficial effect.
Value: 35.274
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61kpSnmLtcL.jpg,20.5
69995,"Item Name: Gevalia House Blend Medium Roast Ground Coffee, 30.8 oz Canister
Bullet Point 1: One 30.8 oz canister of Gevalia House Blend Medium Roast Ground Coffee
Bullet Point 2: House blend coffee is made with 100% Arabica beans
Bullet Point 3: Our beans are slow roasted and snap cooled to lock in subtle caramel and citrus flavors
Bullet Point 4: Medium roast coffee has a smooth and balanced flavor
Bullet Point 5: Canisters contain about 123 perfectly cared for cups of coffee
Bullet Point 6: Our ground coffee comes in resealable canisters for convenient storage
Bullet Point 7: When brewing, add 1 heaping tbsp of ground coffee for each 6 fl oz cup of cold, filtered water for the perfect cup
Bullet Point 8: Certified Kosher product
Value: 30.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71QTr3ZhmFL.jpg,21.995
57055,"Item Name: Clown Global Brands Bulk Miniature White Marshmallows | 4 Count / 5 lb poly bags | 20 lb Case | Fat Free, Gluten Free, Cholesterol Free | Perfect for Baking
Bullet Point 1: Fat free/Cholesterol free
Bullet Point 2: Allergen free
Bullet Point 3: Free from Artificial Colors
Bullet Point 4: Gluten free
Bullet Point 5: Efficient packaging for industrial users
Bullet Point 6: Tastes great!
Product Description: Clown Brand Marshmallows are always fresh, free-flowing and flavorful. This packaging option, a 5 lb. poly-bag of miniature marshmallows, is designed for industrial uses, such as ice cream manufacturing or commercial baking.
Value: 64.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61r4hahlUOL.jpg,58.99
280880,"Item Name: Blue Diamond Almonds Wasabi & Soy Flavored Snack Nuts, Single Serve Bags (1.5 oz, Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Contains 12 single serve 1.5-ounce bags of Blue Diamond wasabi and soy almonds
Bullet Point 2: A flavorful snack with a great wasabi kick and a salty, sweet finish - great for your next party
Bullet Point 3: Low in carbs and high in protein
Bullet Point 4: Single serving packs makes this a perfect travel snack for adults and children on the way to the office, school, or just on the go
Bullet Point 5: Free of cholesterol and trans fat, high in fiber, and an excellent source of Vitamin E
Value: 18.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41kmAkVGLWL.jpg,2.89
71915,"Item Name: Otto's Naturals Grain-Free Ultimate Cookie Mix, Made with Organic Cassava Flour, Gluten-Free All-Purpose Cookie Mix, Non-GMO Verified - 12.2 Oz Bag (6 Pack)
Bullet Point: Otto's Naturals Grain-Free Ultimate Cookie Mix, Kosher, USDA Certified Organic, Nut Free, Gluten Free & Non-GMO, 12.2 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Product Description: Otto's Naturals Grain-Free Ultimate Cookie Mix, Kosher, USDA Certified Organic, Nut Free, Gluten Free & Non-GMO, 12.2 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Value: 73.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/717-WK4lQHL.jpg,68.99
12865,"Item Name: Amazon Grocery, Freeze Dried Chives, 0.2 Oz (Previously Happy Belly, Packaging May Vary)
Bullet Point 1: One 0.2 ounce bottle of Freeze Dried Chives
Bullet Point 2: Some of your favorite Happy Belly products are now part of the Amazon Grocery brand! Although packaging may vary during the transition, the ingredients and product remain the same. Thank you for your continued trust in our brands
Bullet Point 3: Brings a subtle, sweet onion flavor to dishes
Bullet Point 4: Use to flavor meats, vegetables, fish, or in tomato sauces, soups, salads, or as a pizza topping
Bullet Point 5: Store in a cool, dry place
Bullet Point 6: Amazon Grocery has all the favorites you love for less. You’ll find everything you need for great-tasting meals in one shopping trip
Bullet Point 7: Feed your every day with Amazon Grocery
Product Description: One 0.2 ounce bottle of Freeze Dried Chives
Value: 0.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71PFp5dVasL.jpg,3.12
277020,"Item Name: Yamamotoyama Houji Cha Tea (16 Count), 1.09 Ounces
Bullet Point 1: Support Local Market
Bullet Point 2: Roasted green tea, aluminum sealed teabag keeps in freshness for better taste
Bullet Point 3: All natural
Bullet Point 4: 16 bags per box
Bullet Point 5: Enjoy!
Product Description: Yama Moto Yama Hojicha Roasted Green Tea, 16 Count, 31 Gram
Value: 16.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71oK5bqpalL.jpg,3.22
165102,"Item Name: Wockenfuss Candies Bite-Size Truffles - 12 piece box
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/914+UQkEgwL.jpg,25.49
677,"Item Name: CHUAO CHOCOLATIER Cheeky Cheeky Churro Chocolate Bar, 2.8 OZ
Bullet Point 1: Kosher
Bullet Point 2: No Preservatives/No Artificial Preservatives
Bullet Point 3: No Artificial Colors
Bullet Point 4: No Artificial Flavors
Bullet Point 5: No Artificial Sweeteners
Product Description: Specialty
Value: 2.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41q8xZIABrL.jpg,4.99
24786,"Item Name: Sophia Couscous - Traditional Moroccan Style 21oz (10-pack)
Bullet Point 1: Tiny toasted pasta ""pearls"" with a nutty flavor
Bullet Point 2: Cooks in just 8-10 minutes
Bullet Point 3: Served in many dishes, both hot and cold
Bullet Point 4: Great substitute for pasta or rice in soups, sides, pilafs and main dishes
Product Description: Great substitute for pasta or rice in soups, sides, pilafs and main dishes
Value: 10.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51bUYSSN8LL.jpg,59.0
48174,"Item Name: Smucker'S, Flavored Syrup Caramel Sugar Free, 19.25 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Sugar free
Bullet Point 2: Fat free
Bullet Point 3: No-mess cap
Product Description: Dessert Flavoring Syrups
Value: 19.25
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51j4JtuqRwL.jpg,4.98
7354,"Item Name: Country Archer Smoked Hickory Turkey Jerky, 2.75 Ounce - 12 per case.
Bullet Point 1: Turkey Raised with No Antibiotics
Bullet Point 2: Organic Ingredients
Bullet Point 3: High Protein
Bullet Point 4: No Preservatives
Bullet Point 5: Made in USA
Product Description: AS GOURMET AS JERKY GETS. Ready to eat.
Value: 33.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41eHffSTWAL.jpg,85.97
234300,"Item Name: Rani Jamun Shikanji 6.7 fl oz (200 ml) Glass Bottle, Pack of 2 ~ Indian Fruit Beverage | Vegan | Gluten Free | NON-GMO | Indian Origin
Bullet Point 1: You'll LOVE our Jamun Shikanji by Rani Brand--Here's Why:
Bullet Point 2: 🍹PACK OF 2! Gluten Free, Non-GMO, Vegan and 100% delicious!
Bullet Point 3: 🍹Great Taste! Serve this healthy and delicious Fruit Beverage as a refreshing cold drink during the summer months.
Bullet Point 4: 🍹Comes in a reclosable Glass Bottle to preserve the quality and flavor of the beverage. Rani is a USA based company selling spices for over 40 years, buy with confidence!
Bullet Point 5: 🍹Net Wt. 6.7 fl oz (200 ml) x PACK OF 2, Authentic Indian Product (Product of India)
Product Description: Jamun is a seasonal fruit that is native to India and is known for its sweet and tangy flavor. It is also rich in nutrients like vitamin C, iron, and potassium. Shikanji, on the other hand, is a traditional Indian lemonade that is made with lemon juice, sugar, and water. When combined with Jamun juice, it creates a unique and refreshing drink that is perfect for beating the heat.
Value: 13.4
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/518lWnySg8L.jpg,12.99
71904,"Item Name: Oh Boy! Oberto Classics Thin Style Original Beef Jerky | 2.2 Ounce Per Bag (1)
Bullet Point 1: OH BOY!: Oberto Classics Thin Style Peppered Beef Jerky provides the timeless flavor and chewing experience that’s made it the favorite jerky of the Pacific Northwest.
Bullet Point 2: HIGH IN PROTEIN: With 14g of protein and just 70 calories per 1oz serving, Oberto Thin Style Beef Jerky will keep you fueled throughout your day.
Bullet Point 3: SMART SNACKING: Thin Style is low fat and low carb!
Bullet Point 4: GOOD FOR ON-THE-GO: Packed in a convenient, resealable bag to keep your jerky fresh and delicious.
Bullet Point 5: EST. SEATTLE, WA: Since 1918, we've been making our specialty meats the same way our founder, Constantino Oberto, did.
Product Description: Oh Boy! Oberto Classics Thin Style Original Beef Jerky provides the timeless flavor and chewing experience that’s made it the favorite jerky of the Pacific Northwest. Low in carbohydrates, high in protein (14g per 1 oz serving), and low in fat, Oh Boy! Oberto Classics Thin Style Original Beef Jerky is the perfect snack for you.
Value: 2.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41Jp7pWEqXL.jpg,30.195
207195,"Item Name: Pride Of India - PACK of 6 - Extra Long Indian Golden Basmati Rice - Healthy Parboiled Sella Grain, 1.5 Pound Jar
Bullet Point 1: Enriched Parboiled Healthy Indian Golden Sella Basmati Rice - 1.5 Pounds (24 Ounces)
Bullet Point 2: 100% Natural - Grown in India - Rich in Fiber - Low Glycemic Value - Extra Clean
Bullet Point 3: Extra Long & Thin grain size upon cooking - Use 2.5 to 3 Cups of water per 1 Cup of rice
Bullet Point 4: 6 PACK Sold in Sealed Food grade gourmet Pet plastic jars - Approx. 16 Servings per Jar
Bullet Point 5: 2 GM FIBER PER SERVING, GMO FREE, GLUTEN FREE, VEGAN, BPA FREE
Product Description: Pride Of India's exclusive range of Basmati rice is cultivated in the fertile Himalayan valleys with immense care. It undergoes a unique aging process for up to two years that invigorates a rich and aromatic experience when consumed on any dinner table.
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61p8yX8PLUL.jpg,47.99
265747,"Item Name: Lipton Iced Tea For a Cool Beverage Diet Decaffeinated Lemon Caffeine-Free, Sugar-Free Black Tea Mix 10 qt
Bullet Point 1: What You'll Get - Lipton Diet Decaffeinated Iced Tea Lemon powder mix with black tea, natural flavors, and only 10 calories per serving, 10 quarts per pack, 1 pack total
Bullet Point 2: Delicious Lipton Flavor - This diet iced tea lemon powder makes a refreshing beverage with orange pekoe, pekoe cut black tea, and natural flavors without the extra calories
Bullet Point 3: Wake Up with Lipton Tea - This Lipton black tea is caffeinated, so you can enjoy the cafe experience in the comfort of your own home when you first wake up, or anytime of the day
Bullet Point 4: Easy to Make - To make this delicious iced tea, simply mix the powder with cold water in a glass or pitcher, following the measurements on the label, for iced tea
Bullet Point 5: Trusted Company - Lipton is a British-American tea brand. Since Sir Thomas Lipton founded this company in 1890, it has been a trusted company for centuries, offering a smooth taste and good flavor
Value: 3.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81nWERhvZWL.jpg,8.99
122675,"Item Name: Poppi Sparkling Prebiotic Soda Beverage with Apple Cider Vinegar, Seltzer Water and Fruit Juice, Watermelon Flavor, 12 Fl Oz, 1 Count, Packaging May Vary
Bullet Point 1: Mouthwatering flavor and all the soda feels.
Bullet Point 2: Contains prebiotics from agave inulin and cassava root fiber.
Bullet Point 3: 5 grams of sugar and 35 calories or less per can.
Bullet Point 4: Perfect for everyday refreshment or as a drink mixer.
Bullet Point 5: Great alternative to diet soda, soft drinks, kombucha, energy drink, coconut water and sports drinks.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41sI10d6uCL.jpg,2.49
117269,"Item Name: Tootsie Roll Fruit Chews, Assorted Fruit Rolls, Peanut Free and Gluten Free, 14.37 Ounces
Bullet Point 1: Kosher
Bullet Point 2: Peanut Free
Bullet Point 3: Gluten Free
Value: 14.37
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51xpY1288aL.jpg,4.56
297779,"Item Name: Volcanica White Russian Flavored Decaf Coffee, Whole Bean, 16-ounce
Bullet Point 1: White Russian decaf flavored coffee with the flavor of Vodka and Carmel for an amazin taste.
Bullet Point 2: TESTED FOR MOLD, QUALITY AND SAFETY: Our coffee undergoes rigorous phytosanitary testing before export and lab analysis upon arrival to check for mycotoxins and mold. We then roasted at over 400°F, this meticulous process guarantees a fresh, safe, and impurity-free coffee experience.
Bullet Point 3: Medium roasted whole beans allowing the true flavor characteristic to come through for a remarkable taste.
Bullet Point 4: Fresh roasted then immediately packed and sealed to assure freshness.
Bullet Point 5: Decaffeination by the Swiss Water Process: 100% chemical free process that delivers coffee that is 99.9% caffeine-free while protecting the unique characteristics this fine coffee.
Bullet Point 6: 100% Customer Satisfaction Guaranteed.
Product Description: White Russian flavored decaf coffee with the flavor of Vodka and Carmel, need we say anything else? The decaffeination is done by the SWISS WATER PROCESS. The Swiss Water Process is a taste-driven, 100% chemical free decaffeination process that delivers a Decaf Coffee that is 99.9% caffeine-free while protecting the unique origin characteristics and flavor. Most other processes use chemical solvents, like Methylene Chloride or Ethyl Acetate to decaffeinate coffee beans. This process maintains a clean original taste for our Decaf Coffee. Volcanica Coffee is a specialty importer and retailer of exotic gourmet coffee beans that is committed to offering only the finest quality coffee from volcanic regions around the world that are wonderfully exotic and remarkable in taste. 100% customer satisfaction guaranteed.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ZI9tBdvxL.jpg,16.99
79644,"Item Name: Happy Baby Organic Yogis Freeze-Dried Yogurt & Fruit Snacks Mixed Berry, 1 Ounce Bag Organic Gluten-Free Easy to Chew Probiotic Snacks for Babies & Toddlers
Bullet Point 1: SWEET YOGI: Made with wholesome yogurt and organic fruit, Happy Baby Yogis are melt-in-your-mouth, freeze-dried yogurt drops that provide babies and toddlers with a delicious baby snack
Bullet Point 2: ORGANIC SNACKS FOR BABY: Happy Baby goes beyond baby food with delicious, superfood puffs and freeze-dried yogurt snacks
Bullet Point 3: HAPPY BABY: At Happy Baby Organics, we provide organic and delicious options for your baby's nutritional journey. We develop premium organic recipes perfectly matched with your child's age and stage.
Bullet Point 4: MINDFULLY MADE: We develop premium organic recipes perfectly matched with your child's age and stage.
Bullet Point 5: HAPPY TUMMIES: We’re changing the way we feed our children with organic meals & snacks everyone can enjoy! Try our full line of baby food pouches, probiotic cereals, whole milk yogurt, teething wafers & baby snacks.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51CITz0ec5L.jpg,5.34
186864,"Item Name: Tru-Nut Peanut Protein Powder - 20g of Protein, 140 Calories, Ideal for Smoothies and Protein Shakes, Versatile and Easy to Use, No Sugar Added, Low Carb, Gluten Free, 24oz
Bullet Point 1: Plant protein power: Tru-Nut Peanut Protein Powder is the best-tasting plant protein available. And we do it without adding any sugar or flavorings. The secret is our roasted peanut powder that provides an amazing peanut butter flavor and 20g of protein per 36g serving.
Bullet Point 2: Healthy option: Our vegan protein powder contains only 2 simple ingredients: roasted peanuts and pea protein. With a low net carb rating of just 6g per 36g serving, you're getting the best tasting, healthiest protein powder available.
Bullet Point 3: Versatile and easy to use: Simply add Tru-Nut to your favorite protein shake or smoothie. This can replace your traditional protein powder or be used together for an extra protein boost.
Bullet Point 4: Cooking and baking: There's more you can do with Tru-Nut. Add to your waffle or pancake mix to add healthy plant protein to your breakfast. Or sprinkle some in your oatmeal or overnight oats to add an amazing peanut butter flavor.
Bullet Point 5: Made in the USA: We use high oleic peanuts that are exclusively grown in the Southeastern United States. Our factory is 3rd party audited with an SQF certification and all of our products pass through a metal detection device to ensure optimal quality.
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/715ke8prIuL.jpg,18.99
17652,"Item Name: Russell Stover (1) bag Solid Milk Chocolate Mini Santas - Individually Wrapped Holiday Candy - Net Wt. 10 oz
Value: 10.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/815cTganEmL.jpg,5.48
127091,"Item Name: Wish-Bone Fat Free Ranch Dressing, 15 FL OZ
Bullet Point 1: One 15 fl oz bottle of Wish-Bone Fat Free Ranch Dressing
Bullet Point 2: Adds creaminess and bold flavor to your favorite dishes
Bullet Point 3: Classic dressing is made with a blend of onion, garlic and black pepper
Bullet Point 4: Ranch salad dressing with zero grams of fat per serving contains no high fructose corn syrup
Bullet Point 5: Creamy dressing adds bold flavor to pasta salad, fresh greens and ranch dip
Value: 15.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41ZMt7-tjvL.jpg,2.5
174936,"Item Name: Betty Crocker CHEDDAR CHEESE MELT Hamburger Helper 4.7oz (2 Pack)
Product Description: Hamburger Helper dinner mixes help bring busy families together for a hearty, wholesome meal. With Hamburger Helper, it's simple to create a home-cooked skillet meal--just add ground beef to the specially selected pasta, rice, potatoes, or stuffing and seasoned sauce mixes to create a wide variety of flavorful dinners. Bring a cheesy favorite to your table with the enriched pasta, creamy sauce, and cheddar cheese topping of Hamburger Helper Cheddar Cheese Melt. Each package makes five one-cup servings. Hamburger Helper can add a host of flavors to your mealtime solutions: other cheesy favorites include Cheeseburger Macaroni, Three Cheese, and Bacon Cheeseburger. After all, who couldn't use a little help in the kitchen?
Value: 9.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/7195ryokCwL.jpg,13.545
171843,"Item Name: Keli's Pineapple Hawaiian Luau Teriyaki, Gourmet Pineapple Teriyaki Marinade and Huli Huli Basting Sauce. Healthy Teriyaki Sauce Low Sodium & Gluten Free - Made With Gluten Free Soy Sauce (85oz)
Product Description: <p>Keli’s Hawaiian Pineapple Luau Teriyaki Sauce Marinade is perfect for chicken, beef, steak, pork, and more. Its delicious thin consistency is just right, bringing an instant unforgettable aroma to any dish it is added to. Similar to soy sauce, this thin marinade tastes delicious on rice, stir-fry, noodles, or even as a dipping sauce for pot stickers.</p><ul><li>Tastes Amazing</li><li>100% Gluten Free</li><li>Low Sodium</li><li>No Preservatives</li><li>Easy to use</li><li>Perfect Marinade</li></ul><p><b>Salad Dressing of Choice</b></p><p>Our sweet sauce leaves nothing to be desired even for the salad lovers as it is as flavorful on a salad as it is on the meat of your choice. This could be your healthy low sodium Salad dressing alternative if you are allergic to gluten or have celiac disease.</p><p><b>Family Fun with Keli’s</b></p><p>This soy glaze teriyaki sauce is great for barbecuing! Grab your aprons and gather around the grill with family and friend during the summer and springtime. Add a kick of flavor to your BBQ party by simply brush our sauce on while turning your favorite meat or veggies on the grill. Keli’s Hawaiian Luau is gluten-free, low in sodium, and contains no MSG or preservatives. What's there not to love? Get the best of both worlds! It's the perfect blend of healthy and delicious.</p><p><b>Sauce of All Seasons </b></p><p>Not only is our sauce an add on to the dishes you make in the Summer and Spring seasons but also for your Christmas and Autumn too. Make us a part of your Christmas by trying our Pineapple Teriyaki Glazed Ham Recipe or a part of your autumn by trying our Hawaiian Luau Crock-Pot Chicken Recipe. Keli’s love to create in the kitchen, so we know how time-consuming it is to make the perfect sauce. Our sauces have made that easier for the workaholic businessmen and businesswomen who are constantly on the go. Using our sauce as an ingredient to your own concoction will help you to achieve the desired taste in a shorter time.</p>
Value: 170.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81x+u3QzaGL.jpg,57.98
46755,"Item Name: Edward & Sons Brown Rice Snaps Black Sesame - 3.5 oz
Bullet Point: 3.5 oz.
Product Description: We introduced original Brown Rice Snaps back in 1979, creating a brand new category of wholesome entertainment crackers. These crisp, delicious disks are crafted from whole grain rice for a nutrient balance as nature intended. They are gluten-free and contain nothing artificial.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71b2oCkE12L.jpg,3.1950000000000003
26228,"Item Name: Royal Dansk Danish Cookies, No Cholesterol, 12 Ounce
Bullet Point: No preservatives or coloring added
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51bbgNwMqAL.jpg,4.17
157640,"Item Name: Mission Foods Pre-Cut Unfried White Corn Thin Tortilla Chips - 4 Cut, 20 Pound -- 1 each.
Product Description: Mission Foods Pre-Cut Unfried White Corn Thin Tortilla Chips - 4 Cut, 20 Pound -- 1 each. Homemade appearance. Eliminates labor and safety issues associated with cutting your own product. Now you can offer your customers piping hot and crispy corn chips at a fraction of the original time and cost. S
Value: 320.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51507iUTpgL.jpg,75.31
90584,"Item Name: Suzie's, Ready-to-Eat Quinoa Pouch, Rice Alternative Protein Food, Tex-Mex Flavor - 8oz, Single Pouch
Bullet Point 1: Natural whole grains and have the great taste and crunch that everyone loves
Bullet Point 2: Best quality product
Bullet Point 3: Gluten-free and Non-GMO, Effervesce combines Authenticity with Elegance and Prestige
Value: 8.0
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51j0q1Wwm7L.jpg,30.62
245967,"Item Name: LAVA Premium Triple Sec Cocktail Syrup, 33.8oz (1-Liter), Made with 100% Sugar, Orange Extract, No Artificial Sweeteners, Flavors, or Colors. (1-Pack)
Bullet Point 1: Premium Triple Sec made with 100% sugar, no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or colors.
Bullet Point 2: #1 Consumers Choice Triple Sec Cocktail Syrup
Bullet Point 3: Delicious orange zest flavor and natural sugar sweetness. No harsh or bitter aftertaste.
Bullet Point 4: Versatile Triple Sec perfect for margarita, cosmopolitan, sidecar, long island, martini, mimosa, and more.
Bullet Point 5: Large 33.8oz (1-Liter) bottle provides more servings compared to other popular syrups.
Product Description: Elevate your mixology game with our small-batched Triple Sec Syrup, a premium infusion of rich, authentic orange flavor. Crafted exclusively from 100% sugar, it's a game-changer for cocktail enthusiasts who demand quality without compromise. Unlike the artificial alternatives, our syrup contains no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or colors, and steers clear of stevia or monk fruit, ensuring no bitter or weird aftertaste. Our secret to delivering that big, bold orange zest flavor? Real orange extract, carefully incorporated into every bottle. Unleash your creativity with confidence, knowing that every cocktail you craft with our Triple Sec Syrup will be a masterpiece of uncompromising taste and pure, unadulterated citrus delight. Raise the bar and redefine your mixology experience with the authenticity of perfection.
Value: 33.8
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51sbhoE00fL.jpg,15.99
58392,"Item Name: Rani Peanuts Skinless (Blanched, Uncooked) 80oz (5lbs) 2.27kg Bulk ~ All Natural | Vegan | Gluten Friendly | Kosher | Fresh Product of USA ~ Spanish Grade Groundnuts
Bullet Point 1: You'll LOVE our Blanched Peanuts (Skinless) by Rani Brand--Here's Why
Bullet Point 2: 🥜Fresh! Product of USA (Usually Virginia or Texas), Spanish #1 Grade, All Natural, Non-GMO, No Preservatives and Gluten Friendly.
Bullet Point 3: 🥜Rani's Blanched Raw Peanuts are whole, skinless nuts without the addition of salt, sugar, oil, or fat!
Bullet Point 4: 🥜Now KOSHER! Rani is a USA based company selling quality foods for over 40 years, buy with confidence!
Bullet Point 5: 🥜Net Wt. 80oz (5lbs) 2.27kg, Alternative Name: Groundnut | Note: Product Should be Further Cooked or Processed
Bullet Point 6: 🥜Looking for a long shelf life? Keep them refrigerated, can last up to 5 years!
Product Description: Blanched Peanuts are highly used in sweet and savory applications in various cuisines, including American, Chinese, and Thai. One of the most common uses of Blanched Peanuts is in the production of peanut butter, a crunchy or creamy spread. Peanut, also known as groundnut and goober (Arachis hypogaea), is a crop of global importance. It is widely grown in the tropics and subtropics, being important to both smallholder and large commercial producers. It is classified as both a grain legume and, because of its high oil content, an oil crop. World annual production is about 46 million tonnes per year. Peanut pods develop under the ground, which is very unusual among crop plants. One cup of raw peanuts contains approximately 828 calories, 72 grams of fat, 37 grams of protein, 24 grams of carbohydrates, 12 grams of fiber and 10 grams of saturated fat. These numbers constitute 110 percent of the daily value of fat, 73 percent of protein, 50 percent of saturated fat, 19 percent of fiber and 8 percent of carbohydrates. Raw peanuts have a negligible amount of sodium and are cholesterol free. Raw peanuts' low carbohydrate-to-protein ratio makes them a good snack choice for people following low-carbohydrate, high-protein diets.
Value: 96.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51YANmogAML.jpg,22.99
66199,"Item Name: Nando's Garlic Mayo PERinaise - Flavored Mayonnaise Spread & Dressing - Pack of 3
Bullet Point 1: Garlic PERinaise - Our great tasting smooth and creamy PERinaise, now with a garlicky kick.
Bullet Point 2: PERFECT CONDIMENT - Tingly taste perfection...Create a slightly spicy dip for chips and crisps, or indulge in its creamy, rich texture on sandwiches and salads
Bullet Point 3: THE PERi-OMETER - To help choose your heat before you eat! Garlic PERinaise has a bit of medium heat but a tidal wave of flavor
Bullet Point 4: PERi-PERi PERinaise - Sweet, spicy and delicious alternative to plain mayonnaise, Gluten-free aioli made with cage-free eggs and no added MSG, artificial colors, or flavors
Bullet Point 5: PERi-FARMS INITIATIVE - Every Nando's PERi-PERi sauce, basting or marinade contains chilies that are grown at PERi-Farms in Southern Africa promoting sustainability & supporting micro-economies
Product Description: Delicious with almost anything, Nando's range of PERinaise spicy mayonnaise combine flavor with varying degrees of heat that will satisfy the flavor profile from a PERi-PERi beginner to a fiery heat seeker. There is something in our range for all PERi-PERi fanatics! How to use this product? The creaminess of a mayonnaise. The spiciness of PERi-PERi. Tingly taste perfection. Use it as a slightly spicy dip for chips and crisps, or to give a creamy bite to sandwiches and salads. Out of things to have it on? Just have it on a spoon. How spicy? A bit of heat but a tidal wave of flavor. It Comes From Mozambique! Nando’s originated in South Africa, but we grow our PERi-PERi throughout Southern Africa—especially in Mozambique. Responsibility is core to our business, so we choose to empower more than 1,400 farmers by growing our own PERi-PERi across nearly 500 acres in the region.
Value: 3.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/416giGygq1L.jpg,6.61
162946,"Item Name: Burtons Jammie Dodgers Original 140 (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: Jammie Dodgers shortcake biscuits with raspberry apple jam filling
Bullet Point 2: No artificial colors, flavors, or sweeteners
Bullet Point 3: Please Note This is a British Product and the Expiry Date will be in UK format DAY-MONTH-YEAR
Product Description: Delicious traditional British cookies
Value: 1.0
Unit: count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51BEtdWFbSL.jpg,9.32
240448,"Item Name: FITCRUNCH Wafer Protein Bars, 16g of Protein & 3g of Sugar (9 Bars, Chocolate Peanut Butter)
Bullet Point 1: 16 grams of protein*
Bullet Point 2: 3 grams of sugar*
Bullet Point 3: Chef Inspired
Product Description: Break into snacking with the all-new FITCRUNCH Chocolate Peanut Butter Wafer Bar! Known for making protein more convenient and enjoyable, Chef Robert combined both crunch and creaminess into one delectable 8-layer wafer bar. Experience layers of crispiness accompanied by creamy, chocolatey, and peanut buttery goodness that will have your taste buds craving for more. The wafer crunch and crispies perfectly balances the chocolatey, peanut buttery creaminess, creating a match made in heaven that will satisfy your sweet tooth with an array of texture and decadence.
Value: 14.31
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81eAZaT6URL.jpg,18.39
111586,"Item Name: Nespresso Capsules Vertuo, Ice Forte, 30-Count Coffee Pods, Brews 7.8 oz.
Bullet Point 1: INTENSE ; PEPPERY:;Barista Creations Ice Forte carries a distinct roasted character.; Cereal, woody and peppery notes lace through the cup to deliver a rich iced coffee experience.
Bullet Point 2: MEDIUM ROAST: We split roast the coffees in Barista Creations Ice Forte. One split gets a medium roast to keep the blend’s flavor;complexity intact. We roast the second split longer and darker.
Bullet Point 3: ICE FORTE BREWS 7.7 F;/ OZ.: These Nespresso Vertuo pods are part of the flavored range that will provide you with a 7.77 fl. oz. serving of a delicious coffee beverage.
Bullet Point 4: SAVOR WITH MILK: With milk, Barista Creations Ice Forte gains a little sweetness. Try using cream instead of milk to give this iced coffee.
Bullet Point 5: SUSTAINABILITY FIRST: As a certified B Corporation,;Nespresso;meets the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance, joining a global movement using business as a force for good.;;Nespresso aluminum capsules are fully recyclable and guarantee coffee freshness - we provide different options for recycling your used aluminum coffee pods to fulfill our collective commitment to protecting the environment.
Bullet Point 6: MACHINE COMPATIBILITY:;Nespresso;Vertuo capsules are not compatible with Original Line machines.
Value: 30.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41LI243hhkL.jpg,54.55
129519,"Item Name: Peak Refuel Sweet Pork & Rice | Premium Freeze Dried Camping Food | Backpacking & Hiking MRE Meals | Just Add Water | 100% Real Meat | 40g of Protein | 2 Serving Pouch
Bullet Point 1: AMAZING TASTE & QUALITY – If you wouldn’t eat it at home, why take it into nature? What you eat matters and we have gone to great lengths creating a flavorful just add water backpacking meal for whatever adventure you are on, whether on the mountain or at your favorite campsite.
Bullet Point 2: 100% REAL MEAT & 2X THE PROTEIN – Peak Refuel will never use TVP or any other filler in the meat we use. Our meals will always contain 100% USDA inspected meat with nearly double the amount of protein per serving than most outdoor meals on the market.
Bullet Point 3: PREMIUM FREEZE-DRIED INGREDIENTS – Our meals are premium freeze-dried which locks in important nutrients, so your meal maintains its natural texture and flavor and tastes like it came straight from your house. We only source the highest quality, non-GMO ingredients. Never any junk or artificial preservatives.
Bullet Point 4: LIGHT WEIGHT & EASY PREP –We understand that time and weight on the trail is valuable. That’s why Peak Refuel prepared meals are lightweight, require less water to cook or rehydrate, and are ready to eat in 10 minutes or less.
Bullet Point 5: MADE IN THE USA – All Peak Refuel meals are freeze-dried and packaged in the USA. If you are not satisfied with your purchase or have any other questions, contact us directly and we will make it right!
Product Description: Welcome to Peak Refuel. No matter the adventure, whether it be hiking, camping, biking or hunting, you want to be at your best - remember what you eat matters! Our premium meals are formulated to deliver the Amazing taste you would expect on any adventure. We’ve done all the work for you in creating the highest quality and most convenient freeze-dried foods on the market. So go and enjoy whatever adventure you’re on, we’ll see you at the top!
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71rOaNfyG7L.jpg,13.95
126792,"Item Name: Kellogg's PAW Patrol Graham Snacks, Kids Snacks, Whole Grain, Cinnamon, 12.7oz Box (12 Pouches)
Bullet Point 1: Sweet and crunchy, bite-sized graham snacks baked to crispy perfection; With shapes inspired by your favorite PAW Patrol characters
Bullet Point 2: Make snack time fun with this classic treat and the lovable PAW Patrol characters; Kids will love the delicious flavor of cinnamon in every bite
Bullet Point 3: Contains 9g of whole grain per serving; No high fructose corn syrup; No artificial flavors or colors; Kosher Dairy; Contains wheat and soy ingredients
Bullet Point 4: Convenient caddy box with individual pouches for grab-and-go snacking; Stock your home pantry, store for treats at school, and pack in lunchboxes
Bullet Point 5: Includes one, 12.7oz box containing 12, 1.06oz pouches of ready-to-eat graham snacks; Packaged for freshness and great taste
Value: 12.7
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81BgSzPjnNL.jpg,6.99
121330,"Item Name: Prince of Peace Premium Pu-Erh Tea, 4 Pack - 100 Tea Bags Each - Fully-Fermented Antioxidant Tea
Bullet Point 1: POPULAR TEA VARIETY. Prince of Peace Premium Pu-Erh Tea is one of the most popular tea varieties for its unique flavor and aroma
Bullet Point 2: HARVESTED BY HAND. This tea is made with fine quality black tea leaves harvested in the Yunnan province of China. Pu-Erh Tea from Prince of Peace undergoes a full fermentation process
Bullet Point 3: FILLED WITH ANTIOXIDANTS. Pu-Erh Tea is a black tea variety, which means it is a great source of polyphenols, which have powerful antioxidant properties
Bullet Point 4: LESS CAFFEINE THAN COFFEE. Prince of Peace Premium Pu-Erh Tea only has about 5–15 mg of caffeine per cup compared to coffee, which has between 100–180 mg
Bullet Point















test :- 

sample_id,catalog_content,image_link
100179,"Item Name: Rani 14-Spice Eshamaya's Mango Chutney (Indian Preserve) 10.5oz (300g) Glass Jar, Ready to eat, Vegan ~ Gluten Free, All Natural, NON-GMO
Bullet Point 1: You'll LOVE our 14-Spice Eshamaya's Mango Chutney Chutney by Rani Brand--Here's Why:
Bullet Point 2: 🥭All Natural, Non-GMO, No Preservatives, Gluten Free PREMIUM Gourmet Food Grade Chutney.
Bullet Point 3: 🥭Authentic Family Rani Recipe. Rani is a USA based company selling Indian Foods for over 40 years, buy with confidence!
Bullet Point 4: 🥭Great Spicy Taste, Awesome with Wine & Cheese! Packaged in a re-closeable glass jar
Bullet Point 5: 🥭Net Wt. 10.5oz - Authentic Product of India
Product Description: Mango chutney is made from diced green mangoes cooked with sugar. Spices are added to distinguish the different types of chutneys. Hot mango chutney is spiced with chilli powder which give the chutney heat and a deep amber color. Sweet Mango chutney allows the pallet to appreciate the flavor of the mango, adding a hint of vinegar for sourness, while major grey chutney mixes raisins, ginger powder, chilli powder and an array of spices to give complexity to the chutney. Try Rani Chutney's with pizza, salads, burgers, sandwiches, cheeses and anything else you can imagine!
Value: 10.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71hoAn78AWL.jpg
245611,"Item Name: Natural MILK TEA Flavoring extract by HALO PANTRY (2oz bottle) | Perfect for customizing ANY baking, candy, dessert or drink recipes | Dairy Free, Dye-Free, Gluten Free, Zero Sugars, Zero Calories, Gourmet (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: Authentic Tasting, Asian-Inspired Natural flavorings made exclusively for use in any baking, cooking, dessert, candy, or drink recipes.
Bullet Point 2: NATURAL : Gluten-Free, Dairy-Free, Zero Sugars, Zero Calories, Soy-Free, Sodium Free, GMO-Free, PG-Free, Oil-Free
Bullet Point 3: No Colors, No Sweeteners, No Artificial Ingredients, No Preservatives
Bullet Point 4: All ingredients & packaging sourced and made within the USA
Bullet Point 5: Tastes like Brown Sugar bubble milk teas
Bullet Point 6: new 2oz Professional Series bottle for frequent bakers and cooks.
Product Description: Check our popular Milk Tea flavoring extract in a New larger bottle for use in any food or drink recipes. Perfect substitute for your average vanilla extract if you want to amplify the taste of your recipes. *HALO PANTRY is a premium line of Asian-inspired flavorings made exclusively for use in any baked goods, cooking, dessert, candy, or drink recipes. Our product line is very aromatic & flavorful to help enhance your recipes. The mission of HALO PANTRY brand is to make the DIY, at-home cooking/baking experience simple, fun, and to also encourage others to explore asian-inspired flavors. *Unlike other food flavoring products, Halo Pantry only adds flavors & does not alter or negatively impact the taste of your original recipe because it doesn't contain any sweeteners or other additives. With our product, you have complete control of your own recipes.
Value: 2.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61ex8NHCIjL.jpg
146263,"Item Name: Honey Filled Hard Candy - Bulk Pack 2 Pounds - Individually Wrapped
Bullet Point 1: Honey Filled Hard Candy; 2-pound bulk pack; approximately 180 pieces per order
Bullet Point 2: Treat yourself to the soothing sweetness of candy that captures the essence of natural honey
Bullet Point 3: Each piece is expertly crafted with a hard candy shell that gives way to a luscious, liquid honey center
Bullet Point 4: Suitable for soothing a sore throat, sweetening a cup of tea, or simply enjoying as a sweet snack
Bullet Point 5: Whether at home, in the office, or on the move, this candy will satisfy your sweet tooth and offer a moment of indulgence
Product Description: Honey Filled Hard Candy - Bulk Pack 2 Pounds - Individually Wrapped
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61KCM61J8eL.jpg
95658,"Item Name: Vlasic Snack'mm's Kosher Dill 16 Oz (Pack of 2)
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Ex6uOH7yL.jpg
36806,"Item Name: McCormick Culinary Vanilla Extract, 32 fl oz - One 32 Fluid Ounce Container of Gluten Free and Non-GMO Pure Vanilla Extract Made From Premium Vanilla Beans Perfect for Chefs & Home Bakers
Bullet Point 1: PREMIUM INGREDIENTS: McCormick Culinary Pure Vanilla Extract delivers delightfully satisfying flavor and features a dark brown color; created especially for chefs, this vanilla extract is highly fragrant with unrivaled performance in a ready-to-use format
Bullet Point 2: RICH VANILLA FLAVOR: With its caramelized, rich, bourbon-rummy flavor notes, McCormick Culinary vanilla extract helps complement and intensify other flavors in inventive recipes
Bullet Point 3: EASE OF USE: Our 32-ounce size is perfect for dispensing individual drops of vanilla extract, and you can easily unscrew the convenient flip top to add larger amounts to any large recipe; you can buy these 32-ounce bottles individually or in bulk
Bullet Point 4: MENU VERSATILITY: McCormick Culinary Pure Vanilla Extract gives sweet, rich flavor to a wide variety of dishes and desserts; this pure vanilla extract tastes great in any beverage or sweet baked good and helps draw the acidity out of foods like lemons
Bullet Point 5: NATURAL INGREDIENTS: McCormick Culinary Pure Vanilla Extract is kosher and non-GMO, so you can feel comfortable using it in all of your favorite recipes; this vanilla extract contains no added sugar for a pure and balanced flavor your customers will love
Value: 32.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71QYlrOMoSL.jpg
148239,"Item Name: Snyder's of Hanover Mini Pretzel, 16 Oz
Bullet Point 1: 16 ounce bag of mini pretzels
Bullet Point 2: Fat free snack
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ONUU3OAfL.jpg
92659,"Item Name: Oregon Plum Purple 15 oz (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point 1: Oregon Fruit Products
Bullet Point 2: Canned Fruit
Bullet Point 3: Fruit Choice : Whole Purple Plums in Heavy Syrup
Bullet Point 4: 15oz Can
Bullet Point 5: Pack of 3
Product Description: Oregon Fruit Products, Canned Fruits, 15oz Can (Pack of 3) (Whole Purple Plums in Heavy Syrup) Our Purple Plums are grown in the abundant orchards of the Northwest. These deep purple, jewel-like globes offer a balanced sweet and tart flavor with fleshy fruit that is superb for baking rustic tarts and cakes. But for a real treat, use them in delicious plum chutney to pair with chicken or spareribs.
Value: 45.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/519Plng8cpL.jpg
3780,"Item Name: Barkman Honey 059640 Honey, Clover, 12 oz., Multi
Bullet Point 1: Pure honey does not contain any artificial flavors or preservatives
Bullet Point 2: Rich, sweet taste acts as excellent alternative to artificial sweeteners
Bullet Point 3: Easy-to-squeeze bottle helps keep cap and hands cleans
Bullet Point 4: Perfect for adding to toast, tea, coffee and more
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/6134TQBo+vL.jpg
196940,"Item Name: Against The Grain Gluten Free Original Baguette, 15 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point: Gluten Free Baguettes
Value: 180.0
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41bK3vFt5RL.jpg
20472,"Item Name: Nature Valley Granola Bars, Sweet and Salty Nut, Almond, 15 Bars, 18 OZ
Bullet Point 1: CHEWY GRANOLA BARS: Crunchy almonds and chewy granola dipped in an indulgent almond butter coating for a sweet, creamy treat; A must-have for an on-the-go snack or in a lunch box
Bullet Point 2: SWEET AND SALTY: Nature Valley Sweet and Salty Nut Bars provides a perfect balance of savory nuts and sweet granola
Bullet Point 3: PERFECTLY PORTABLE: Easy bars for snack time or an on-the-go invigorating treat; Perfect for the pantry, lunch box, and hiking trail
Bullet Point 4: GREAT SNACK: No artificial flavors, artificial colors, or high fructose corn syrup
Bullet Point 5: CONTAINS: One 18 oz box of Nature Valley Almond Sweet and Salty Nut Granola Bars; 15 bars
Value: 18.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81NWfSFYXBL.jpg
121721,"Item Name: Taffy Town Salt Water Taffy - 15 Flavors of Saltwater Taffies in Gift Ready Reusable Square Grip Jar (15 Flavor Mix, X-Large)
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Fhiyc7mmL.jpg
127336,"Item Name: Iberia Tomato Sauce, 8 Ounce (Pack of 24) Salsa de tomate (Packaging May Vary)
Bullet Point 1: CLASSIC SPANISH TOMATO: Spanish style all purpose tomato sauce which is an essential addition to many latin recipes.
Bullet Point 2: INTENSE FLAVOR: Almost every dish implements tomato or tomato-based products in some way.Use it whenever your recipe calls for tomato sauce to add flavor, thickness and body to any sauce, soup, stew, bean dish, meat, fish, and almost any other recipe.
Bullet Point 3: VERSATILE: Iberia salsa de tomate is fantastic for marinara sauce, tomato soups, pastas, pizzas and almost every dish that needs tomatoes.
Bullet Point 4: READY TO USE: Use Iberia tomato sauce and save a lot of prep time in the kitchen and give your dishes the best flavor, color and consistency.
Bullet Point 5: BULK BUY: 24 x 8 Ounce flip top cans.
Value: 192.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71VZ+eEdYTL.jpg
20801,"Item Name: Lemon Tarragon Dandelion Root Tea (25 tea bags, ZIN: 566034) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Lemon Tarragon Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Lemon Peel, Tarragon and Lemongrass that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Lemon Tarragon taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Lemon Peel, Tarragon, Lemongrass and Natural Lemon Tarragon Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 25 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Dandelion Root Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Lemon Tarragon Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Lemon Peel, Tarragon and Lemongrass that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Lemon Tarragon taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Lemon Peel, Tarragon, Lemongrass and Natural Lemon Tarragon Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (To make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searc
Value: 75.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81yw0IK5HtL.jpg
30103,"Item Name: Swad : Seeds, Mustard, 7 OZ
Bullet Point 1: Whole brown mustard seeds
Bullet Point 2: Mostly used in Indian dishes
Bullet Point 3: Can be used as a pickling agent
Bullet Point 4: 7 oz. pack
Bullet Point 5: Product of India
Product Description: Brown mustard seeds are used mostly in Indian dishes.
Value: 7.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71mx4kkfUAL.jpg
68691,"Item Name: Gourmet Jalapeno Popcorn by It's Delish, 4 Oz Bulk Bag | Vegan Jalapeño Cheese Flavored Popcorn | Air Popped Pop Corn Healthy Snacks for Movie Night Snack, Party | Gluten Free, Non-Dairy, Kosher
Bullet Point 1: 🍿 DELICIOUS GOURMET POPCORN – Our Jalpeno popcorn is like tradditional kettle corn but with a spicy kick, giving you the vibrant flavor and crunch with every popcorn kernel you pop into your mouth to give you the most exciting and tasty popcorn.
Bullet Point 2: 🍿 FRESH POPCORN FOR EVERYDAY SNACK – Air-popped Popcorns are simply yummy and light on the stomach too. So, whenever you feel like having a snack, open It’s Delish’s large bag of popcorn and enjoy.
Bullet Point 3: 🍿 MOUTHWATERING MOVIE NIGHT SNACKING – Forget the traditional salty popcorn whenever you want to watch a game and chill. Get our delicious flavored popcorn. Simply dig in and enjoy your movie night with this bulk Jalapeno popcorn.
Bullet Point 4: 🍿 FRESHLY MADE AIR POPPED POPCORN – Air popped corn is fun and healthy too! Healthy popcorn is not oil cooked and makes for yummy keto and gluten free snacks. Similar to real cheddar popcorn, this one is not made with real butter or dairy ingredients, yet delish'ious!
Bullet Point 5: 🍿 CERTIFIED KOSHER OU PARVE – When you go on an adventure, take our gourmet popcorn with you. Take it along on your slumber parties, movies night at your friends or family’s place, or surprise a popcorn lover and indulge!
Product Description: <p><b> Gourmet Jalapeño Cheese Style Popcorn by It's Delish, 4 Oz Bulk Bag</b></p> <p> Gourmet Jalapeno pop corn is lightly salted and spiced makes for a wonderful tasty snack! Its fresh, fluffy and crunchy. Try our gourmet popcorn made in-house hosting industry-leading equipment by our world-class popcorn experts. </p> <p>Stock up to have ready for daily snacking at home or office when your inner munch and crunch gives its calling. Share some with family and friends and fill up serving bowls for your parties and events. Our gourmet jalapeño flavor popcorn makes for a healthy snack being that its air popped, not oil cooked, and its also gluten free, kosher, and vegan too - since its not made with real cheddar cheese! Bon Apetit!</p> <p><b>About It's Delish!</b></p><p>It's Delish was established in 1992 and is located in North Hollywood, California. It's Delish is a food manufacturer and distributor who produces over 500 gourmet food products including popcorns, licorice, sour belts, taffies, caramels, Jordan almonds, chocolates, nuts, fruits, trail mixes, spices, and the spice blends. It's Delish also produces organics and all-natural products. We give you the opportunity to order from the factory direct!</p><p>It's Delish! prides itself on the four pillars that are at the foundation of everything we do.</p><p>Innovation Quality Value Service</p>
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71mbUvE6gDL.jpg
230703,"Item Name: Urban Accents Citrus Pepper Veggie Roaster Seasoning Blend, Gluten Free, 1.5 Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Bullet Point: Urban Accents Citrus Pepper Veggie Roaster Seasoning Blend, Gluten Free, 1.5 Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Value: 9.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91p4ePZYbWL.jpg
3342,"Item Name: Aleias Breadcrumb Gluten Free Italian 13.0 OZ (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point: Aleias Breadcrumb Gluten Free Italian 13.0 OZ
Product Description: Aleias Breadcrumb Gluten Free Italian 13.0 OZ
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51nXwp6rPxL.jpg
115635,"Item Name: O'Creme Dust Pump Powder Sprayer for Cake Decorating (14ml, 3 Pcs)
Bullet Point 1: Spray your cake evenly with your choice of powder
Bullet Point 2: Hold the dust pump next to the cake for dense coating
Bullet Point 3: Hold the dust pump away from the cake for light dusting
Bullet Point 4: milliliter
Bullet Point 5: Dust pump sold by the piece
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61kbY8bC9US.jpg
221565,"Item Name: Samyang Yakisoba Buldak Spicy Ramen Noodle, Artificial Spicy Chicken Flavor, 4.4 oz x 5 Bags, Asin Noodles 22 oz (620g)
Bullet Point 1: Bold flavors of chewy Korean noodles and spicy sauce
Bullet Point 2: Samyang Carbonara Noodles: savory and creamy
Bullet Point 3: Pantry staples: Samyang noodles, Korean snacks like buldak
Bullet Point 4: Samyang Yakisoba Buldak Spicy Ramen Noodle
Bullet Point 5: 4.4 oz x 5 Bags
Value: 22.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51rS6HVaUXL.jpg
265927,"Item Name: De Cecco Pasta Penne Rigate
Value: 192.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71CdMMqKSML.jpg
290421,"Item Name: Lee Kum Kee Vegetarian (Kosher) Hoisin Sauce, 20-Ounce Bottle (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point: Net Wt. 20 oz.
Value: 60.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/5114-ZuV5zL.jpg
222203,"Item Name: Ruffles Flamin Hot BBQ, 2.25oz
Bullet Point: Ruffles Flamin Hot BBQ, 2.25oz
Value: 2.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51ShQnT4aqL.jpg
40595,"Item Name: Royal Lime Gelatin Dessert Mix, Sugar Free and Carb Free, 0.32 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: EASY AND DELICIOUS: Royal Gelatin is a quick and easy snack or dessert to be enjoyed by everyone – just mix, let set, and enjoy!
Bullet Point 2: SUGAR FREE: A better choice, this Royal Gelatin is a sugar free, fat free treat.
Bullet Point 3: CARB FREE: Royal Gelatin Dessert Mix is a zero carb, low calorie food - with only 5 calories per serving.
Bullet Point 4: SHAREABLE BATCH: Each box of Royal Lime Gelatin makes 4 – ½ cup servings.
Bullet Point 5: PERFECT FOR ANY OCCASION: Make Royal Gelatin dessert mix for lunches, desserts, parties, snacks, picnics and more.
Value: 3.84
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/916FocO+LZL.jpg
157931,"Item Name: Nutiva Organic Shelled Hemp Seed, 19 Ounce, USDA Organic, Non-GMO, Non-BPA, Whole 30 Approved, Vegan, Gluten-Free & Keto, 10g Plant Protein and 12g Omegas per Serving for Salads, Smoothies & More
Bullet Point 1: Contains 33% by weight and sustainable source of Omega-3s, amino acids, fatty acids, protein, and minerals
Bullet Point 2: Nutiva’s all-natural shelling process yields a clean, plant-based nutty flavored seed high in Omega-3 fats and antioxidants
Bullet Point 3: Delicious, nutty flavor similar to pine nuts and perfect for salads, smoothies and Whole30, vegetarian, vegan, raw, whole food, paleo, ketogenic, and gluten-free diets
Bullet Point 4: Nutiva partners with Canadian farmers to source the world’s finest organic, non-GMO, sustainably grown hemp seeds and stringently adheres to USDA certified organic and non-GMO guidelines
Bullet Point 5: Comes in a convenient, BPA-free resealable packaging to ensure long-lasting freshness
Value: 19.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61QRQHbP-CL.jpg
41814,"Item Name: Andalou Naturals Night Crm Repair Resvrtrl Q1
Bullet Point: ANDALOU NATURALS NIGHT REPAIR CRM,STM CELL 1.7 OZ 1-EA
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81XFQGMWHdL.jpg
250478,"Item Name: Marmite Yeast Extract (250g) - Pack of 6
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/614QTUXaeFL.jpg
130232,"Item Name: PRODUCE White Mushrooms, 8 OZ
Bullet Point: Produce
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/7194aoQvurL.jpg
155825,"Item Name: Monin French Vanilla Pet Syrup
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41mCs3pl-gL.jpg
42104,"Item Name: Good Health Pretzel Pnut Btr
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ojOzT9rCL.jpg
148748,"Item Name: Tea-Berry Black Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 537047) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Tea-Berry Black Tea is a tasty flavored Black tea with Raspberries (Red), Blackberry and Rose Petals that has a refreshing taste that will impress you! The unique Tea-Berry taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Black tea, Raspberries (Red), Blackberry, Rose Petals and Natural Tea-berry Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Black Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Tea-Berry Black Tea is a tasty flavored Black tea with Raspberries (Red), Blackberry and Rose Petals that has a refreshing taste that will impress you! The unique Tea-Berry taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Black tea, Raspberries (Red), Blackberry, Rose Petals and Natural Tea-berry Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Ey+2qgCjL.jpg
247548,"Item Name: Slate Milk - High Protein Iced Coffee - Caramel Latte - 175mg Caffeine, Lactose Free Energy - 20g Protein, 1g Sugar, 100 Calories, 1g Net Carbs, No Sugar Added - Protein Coffee - 11 fl oz, 48 Cans
Bullet Point: Strength Starts Here - The Creamy Caramel Kick. Our delicious Caramel Latte is the perfect combination of smooth & sweet. With 20g protein and 175mg caffeine, this indulgent, high-protein delight will give you the boost you need to crush your day, every day.
Product Description: Slate is a strength brand that makes high protein drinks that are better for you and better for our planet. Our protein drinks contain 20g protein, 1g sugar, 110 calories or less, are lactose free, keto friendly, and unbelievably delicious. Slate chocolate milks come in Classic Chocolate, Dark Chocolate, Mocha Latte, Vanilla Latte, Caramel Latte, and French Vanilla flavors. Our High Protein Iced Coffees are caffeinated with 175mg of caffeine and are commonly used as a coffee replacement. We’re able to control exactly which ingredients go into our products using a process called ultrafiltration. Ultrafiltered milk has had all of the lactose sugars filtered out. It also removes some water and allows us to create a more protein packed, lower sugar product. We also sell our all natural products in recyclable aluminum cans, that can be easily taken on the go as ready to drink protein shakes. You can drink a Slate anytime, but our customers like to use it as a breakfast meal replacement, protein coffee, post workout protein shake, healthy snack, or a healthy dessert. We use absolutely no artificial ingredients, and are gluten free, soy free, nut free, and Kosher Certified. Our high protein drinks are also shelf stable and can be stored at room temperature in your cabinet for months. But as most tasty refreshing beverages we recommend drinking them cold! Giving Chocolate Milk a Clean Slate - Manny Lubin and Josh Belinsky co-founded Slate with the goal of creating a healthy chocolate milk they could drink every day. After a successful Kickstarter campaign, an appearance on ABC's Shark Tank, and hundreds of iterations of testing, Slate launched in late 2019 with three delicious chocolate milk flavors. Today, Slate has expanded into new flavors and additional product lines, all of which contain 20g protein, have 1g sugar, are lactose free, and 100% plastic neutral.
Value: 528.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Y3aMtJZuL.jpg
262167,"Item Name: Dried Cinnamon Apple Chips - 1 Lb Tub
Bullet Point 1: Green Apple Chips are made from fresh, crisp apples and make a healthy alternative to the usual snack chips.
Bullet Point 2: These dried fruit chips are low in sodium, fat and cholesterol but are high in tasty, sweet flavor.
Bullet Point 3: 1 Lb Container - Distributed by WinCrest Bulk Foods
Product Description: Green Apple Chips are made from fresh, crisp apples and make a healthy alternative to the usual snack chips. These dried fruit chips are low in sodium, fat and cholesterol but are high in tasty, sweet flavor.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/719JJBlClaL.jpg
100183,"Item Name: Jelly Snack Fruit Jelly Candy 100 Pieces
Value: 59.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61VzCAwMlCL.jpg
168985,"Item Name: Martha White BANANA NUT Muffin Mix 7.6oz (6 Packets)
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81R9qUGqRlL.jpg
18411,"Item Name: Bavarian Cream Yerba Mate Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 547068) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Bavarian Cream Yerba Mate tea is a scrumptuous all-natural flavored Yerba Mate coffee substitute with Coconut, Lemon Peel and Orange Peel that will refresh you with its terrific taste! You will enjoy the earthy and acidity-free Bavarian Cream aroma and flavor again and again! - Ingredients: Yerba Mate, Coconut, Lemon Peel, Orange Peel and Natural Bavarian Cream Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Yerba Mate Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Bavarian Cream Yerba Mate tea is a scrumptuous all-natural flavored Yerba Mate coffee substitute with Coconut, Lemon Peel and Orange Peel that will refresh you with its terrific taste! You will enjoy the earthy and acidity-free Bavarian Cream aroma and flavor again and again! - Ingredients: Yerba Mate, Coconut, Lemon Peel, Orange Peel and Natural Bavarian Cream Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81G7pL7sRwL.jpg
111287,"Item Name: Old South Pickled Eggs 16 oz (2 Jars)
Product Description: Old South Pickled Eggs 16 oz (2 Jars)
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51gl6jkHuML.jpg
156813,"Item Name: Imagine Foods, Imagine Fds Crm Potato Lk, 32 Ounce
Product Description: Packaged Vegetable Soups
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/716CtA11y9L.jpg
194861,"Item Name: Snyder's of Hanover Honey Mustard Onion Pretzelpiece, 2.25 oz
Value: 2.25
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51p9gw5HKnS.jpg
104298,"Item Name: Cafe de Oro de Puerto Rico - Puerto Rican Ground Coffee by Cafe Oro Puerto Rico Inc - 8oz Can
Bullet Point 1: The strong... Rich flavor of Puerto Rico's mountain grown coffee is all captured in this Coffee.
Bullet Point 2: From our growing fields in the mountains of Lares, Puerto Rico to your coffee cup... Bold, Rich and Strong 'till the last sip!
Bullet Point 3: Strong coffee aroma that will wake up your senses.
Bullet Point 4: Our metallized packing provides better protection to the product because of its resistance to impact.
Bullet Point 5: The can keeps the product's quality in optimal conditions because it offers an excellent barrier against humidity, oxygen and light.
Product Description: ""Café Oro de Puerto Rico"" was born from a Puerto Rican family with a great coffee tradition that for decades has produced and received the best coffee in Puerto Rico. Our ""Gold Coffee of Puerto Rico"" has the most advanced techniques and processes for your benefit from planting to the cup, carrying out the most advanced and strict quality controls in each process carried out in our ""Gold Coffee of Puerto Rico"" guaranteeing the best quality in your coffee cup.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61x3RSjsd6L.jpg
59033,"Item Name: Mezzetta Olive Stfd Feta Chs, 9.5 Oz (Pack Of 6)
Bullet Point: All-natural ingredients Fruity flavor Low in fat
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51f0cYVqidL.jpg
31133,"Item Name: Bar Harbor Clam Juice, 8-Ounce Glass (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Bar Harbor
Bullet Point 2: Clam Juice
Bullet Point 3: Bar Harbor, Clam Juice
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51y-js56X4L.jpg
299318,"Item Name: Chicken of the Sea White Crab, 6 oz
Bullet Point 1: Item Package Length: 8.382cm
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Width: 8.382cm
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Height: 4.572cm
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Weight: 0.5 lb
Value: 6.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81az+gzSVnL.jpg
255038,"Item Name: Mutti, Passata, 25 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Non-GMO, preservative-free and gluten-free
Bullet Point 2: Perfect for marinara sauce, tomato soup and even a bloody mary
Bullet Point 3: Smooth, velvety puree of sun-ripened italian tomatoes
Bullet Point 4: With a remarkably-fresh flavor and vibrant red color
Product Description: Sauces
Value: 25.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71GpCLa+m-L.jpg
220578,"Item Name: Vital Pursuit Cauliflower Crust Pizza, Pack of 10 (Three Meat)
Bullet Point: These high protein frozen meals are quick for every day meals. 10 pizzas total per order and several pizza toppings to choose from.
Product Description: Experience the ease of frozen dinners with our individual pizza.
Value: 10.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41SIR4GdyAL.jpg
38995,"Item Name: TWO LEAVES & A BUD TEA EARL GREY ORG, 15 BG, PK- 6
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/21LZ2uN67DL.jpg
253068,"Item Name: Kernel Season's Popcorn Seasoning, Garlic Parmesan Flavored Snack Seasoning Made with Real Cheese, Certified Gluten-Free (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: Made with real cheese and garlic, this classic combination packs the taste of Italy in to a convenient jar of Popcorn seasoning.
Bullet Point 2: With Only 2 CALORIES PER SERVING, Kernel Seasons popcorn seasonings are an easy and low calorie way to shake up the flavor of your favorite snack, veggies, pasta, popcorn, etc.
Bullet Point 3: 100 servings per container
Bullet Point 4: Certified Gluten-Free
Bullet Point 5: Made in the USA
Value: 5.7
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81JnIh9FsjL.jpg
282143,"Item Name: Lofthouse's Fisherman's Friend Menthol Cough Suppressant Lozenges, Original Extra-Strong , 38 ct
Value: 38.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51GJ2DJWCBL.jpg
226531,"Item Name: ENDLESS Fresh Live Sourdough Starter | San Francisco Style Heirloom Culture for Artisan Bread Baking | DIY Tasty Prebiotic Rich Low Carb Bread | No Wait Live Sourdough Starter Culture
Bullet Point 1: LIVE STARTER: This San Francisco Sourdough Starter is alive and ready to go—perfect if you want to jump right in! For best results, we recommend opening and feeding within 24-48 hours of receipt. Store in fridge till ready to use.
Bullet Point 2: HEIRLOOM STYLE: With proper care, our sourdough starter can be reused indefinitely to leaven baked goods, making it easy for you to create delicious bread over and over again.
Bullet Point 3: HEALTH BENEFITS: Sourdough starters are full of probiotics, which help process the flour and make it easier to digest. Plus, a finished sourdough bread loaf contains prebiotics, which feed the bacteria in our stomachs and promote better gut health.
Bullet Point 4: VERSATILE: Make more than just bread! Use this starter to try your hand at creating delicious pizza dough, pie crust, bagels, banana bread, noodles, garlic bread, and more.
Bullet Point 5: QUALITY INGREDIENTS: Contains only non-GMO white wheat flour and live active cultures. Each batch is pathogen tested by a trusted third-party laboratory so you know you are getting a high quality, healthy starter.
Product Description: The Cultures for Health ENDLESS San Francisco Style Fresh Sour dough Starter is the perfect addition to your baking arsenal. This starter arrives live, so if you don't want to wait around for a dehydrated starter to be ready, this is the perfect option. Whether you are a first time baker, or a seasoned pro at breadmaking, this starter is sure to be your new favorite project. Take pride in creating your own sourdough from scratch from the comfort of your own home—then you'll be able to enjoy soft, chewy sourdough bread fresh from the oven. Add the starter to your bread mix and let the flour and yeast create flavors you can typically only get from bakery bread. You can even use the discard starter to make a wide array of recipes, such as pizza crust, crackers, pancakes, muffins, and more! The possibilities are endless. Speaking of endless, with proper care, your SF sourdough starter can be used over and over again, providing the same great flavor in each batch. Inside each pouch is one sourdough starter and a set of easy-to-follow instructions to yield the best possible result every single time. Bring the bakery home, with help from Cultures for Health.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51KL3RvWmyL.jpg
233215,"Item Name: 24ct Jesus Loves You Vacation Bible School Religious Candy Party Favors Chocolate Bars & Wrappers (24 Pack)
Product Description: Celebrate Jesus Loves You Vacation Bible School Religious Candy with our custom candy bar party favors. Available in three sizes, or do it yourself with our wrappers only option. The unique party favors are the sweetest addition to your goodie bags, or bulk candy buffet. Candy orders ship with free cold pack packaging as needed.
Value: 24.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61f1z4lksGL.jpg
33295,"Item Name: Koyo Shiitake Mushroom Ramen, 2 Oz
Bullet Point 1: Savory broth packets contain clean and simple ingredients with real herbs and spices, and no added MSG or high fructose corn syrup unlike many other Soba, Udon, or Ramen noodles
Bullet Point 2: Ramen noodles are expertly crafted from freshly milled, organic heirloom grains in the traditional roll-and-cut method, and then baked (not fried) to perfection making them low fat
Bullet Point 3: Made with the highest quality ingredients – Non-GMO, vegan, and no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives
Bullet Point 4: Use as a base to your noodle bowl or salad creations and top with meat, tofu, eggs, bok choy, bean sprouts, fresh ginger and garlic, nori, kimchi and more
Bullet Point 5: Quick and convenient Asian food for all cooking levels – ready in less than 6 minutes!
Value: 2.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61Z4bbFc2+L.jpg
198185,"Item Name: Pamela's Products Figgies and Jammies - Raspberry - Case of 6 - 9 oz.
Bullet Point 1: Contains 6- 9-ounce packages of Raspberry Figgies and Jammies
Bullet Point 2: Since 1988, Pamela's has set the standard in gluten-free by using premium, quality, non-GMO ingredients to create delicious products
Bullet Point 3: Non-dairy, vegan, and grain-free options
Bullet Point 4: Gluten-free; egg-free; no artificial flavors, additives, hydrogenated oils, trans fats, corn syrup or cholesterol; low in sodium
Bullet Point 5: Perfect for those with gluten sensitivities and dietary restrictions
Product Description: Filled with real fig and raspberry, our Figgies & Jammies are the gluten-free (and tastier!) version of the traditional fig cookie. They are so delicious, the whole family will smile!
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61S63Y8x7YL.jpg
238324,"Item Name: Hunt's Tomato Sauce, Keto Friendly, 8 oz (Pack of 5)
Bullet Point 1: The information below is per-pack only
Bullet Point 2: Taste the difference in pastas, meatballs, and more with Hunt's vine-ripened tomato flavors
Bullet Point 3: Simmered with salt, spices, and natural seasonings, Hunt's sauces add a rich, smooth texture to recipes 365 days a year
Bullet Point 4: No compromise, Hunt's Tomato Sauce is 100% natural, with no artificial preservatives
Bullet Point 5: Hunt's doesn't use sugar, corn syrup, or other sweeteners in its canned tomato sauces
Bullet Point 6: Contains 8 oz of sauce; 20 calories per serving
Bullet Point 7: Keto Friendly Snack – 2g net carbs (4g total carbs minus 2g dietary fiber), and 0g added sugar per serving
Value: 40.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61oLyx2AQdL.jpg
121672,"Item Name: LÄRABAR Cashew Cookie, Gluten Free Vegan Fruit & Nut Bars, 1.7 oz Bars, 6 ct (Pack of 8)
Bullet Point 1: HEALTHY SNACKING: With 100% real ingredients and no artificial sweeteners, you can Raise A Bar to what you love! Larabar makes simple healthy snacks you can feel good about eating
Bullet Point 2: MADE FROM 2 SIMPLE INGREDIENTS: Larabar Cashew Cookie is made from just 2 simple ingredients: cashews and dates
Bullet Point 3: PLANT BASED CLEAN EATING MADE SIMPLE: Vegan, Gluten Free, Dairy Free, Kosher, Soy Free, and Non-GMO
Bullet Point 4: HEALTHY INDULGENCE: Conveniently wrapped and great for packing on the go, Larabar is perfect for anything from a morning treat to an afternoon snack
Bullet Point 5: CONTAINS: 1.7 oz Bars, 6 ct (Pack of 8)
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81bqCOdgDGL.jpg
21434,"Item Name: FreshJax Handcrafted Spicy Chili Powder (4.8 oz Large Bottle) Non GMO, Gluten Free, Keto, Paleo, No Preservatives Chili Powder Seasoning | Handcrafted in Jacksonville | Gourmet Spice Blends
Bullet Point 1: HANDCRAFTED CHILI POWDER: FreshJax Chili Powder Blend combines spicy hot peppers, flavorful spices, and Himalayan pink salt; enhances the taste of various dishes with a balanced, mouthwatering flavor
Bullet Point 2: VERSATILE SEASONING: Perfect for chili, tacos, burritos, fajitas, enchiladas, and salsa; also ideal as a meat rub, for fish dishes, or adding depth to stews
Bullet Point 3: PREMIUM ORGANIC SPICES: Crafted in small batches for superior flavor; these spices are organic, gluten-free, vegan, non-GMO, keto- and paleo-friendly, with no preservatives—ensuring bold taste and quality in every dish
Bullet Point 4: CONVENIENT LARGE SHAKER BOTTLE: Comes in a large, BPA-free dual-sided shaker bottle; designed for easy, precise seasoning, making every meal flavorful with minimal effort
Bullet Point 5: KITCHEN ESSENTIALS: Versatile seasoning blend ideal for grilling, roasting, or everyday use; adds flavor to any dish
Bullet Point 6: SUPPORTS A CAUSE: With every purchase, you help fight childhood hunger; FreshJax is committed to making a difference, one meal at a time
Value: 4.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71owcDdUOOL.jpg
61747,"Item Name: Bridgford Beef Snack Bites 4 oz Pack of 3 - Ready-to-Eat Snacks for On-the-Go Snacking - Gluten-Free Zero Carbs Meat Snacks for Adults - Keto Beef Snack Bites for Your Keto Diets
Bullet Point 1: Irresistible Flavor: Our tender beef snack bites packs boasts of a rich, savory taste making them a delicious choice for any snack time. Satisfy your cravings with our premium beef snack bites and beef jerky snack packs for an unmatched taste experience.
Bullet Point 2: Slow-Cooked Perfection: These beef snack bites are slow-cooked to perfection, resulting in a tender texture and maximum flavor infusion, making it a snack you'll always crave. Tender enough to melt in your mouth, with just the right amount of chewiness.
Bullet Point 3: On-the-Go Convenience: Whether you're heading to the gym, or simply need a quick snack at work, these tender beef snacks are an ideal option for satisfying your cravings anytime. Our snack bites are ready to eat, making it a convenient snack choice.
Bullet Point 4: Versatile Snacking Option: Enjoy our snack bites as a standalone treat, pair them with your favorite crackers and cheese, or incorporate them into your favorite recipes for added flavor and protein. It’s an ideal healthy meat snack for all your occasions.
Bullet Point 5: Trusted Brand: With a reputation for excellence and quality spanning over 90 years, Bridgford is a brand that you can trust to deliver delicious reliable products. When you choose our beef snacks, you're choosing a brand that stands for quality and taste.
Product Description: Bridgford Beef Snack Bites is made from premium beef, expertly seasoned and crafted into bite-sized delights. Our meat snack bites are a wholesome source of protein and energy, free from artificial flavors, colors, and preservatives. With its tender texture and bold flavor, these snack bites are a delicious way to satisfy your cravings anytime, anywhere.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71LiUtA3PNL.jpg
270417,"Item Name: Chock Full o’Nuts Midtown Manhattan Medium Roast, K-Cup Compatible Pods (20 Count) - Arabica Coffee in Eco-Friendly Keurig-Compatible Single Serve Cups
Bullet Point 1: ARABICA COFFEE - Chock full o’Nuts single serve coffee cups are a rich blend of Arabica coffee beans that have been roasted to perfection. Each cup delivers a delicious flavor and the unmistakable aroma of Chock full o’Nuts.
Bullet Point 2: MEDIUM ROAST – Perfectly blended to keep you energized throughout the day. This stronger medium roast delivers a unique bold flavor that is smooth, silky and not overpowering.
Bullet Point 3: KEURIG 2.0 COMPATIBLE – Filter Cup, our single-serve coffee pod, is the convenient way to enjoy a fresh-tasting delicious and aromatic single cup of coffee. Compatible with all K-CUP brewers.
Bullet Point 4: 30% LESS PLASTIC - Our unique mesh coffee pod design uses 30% less plastic than traditional single-serve pods without compromising fresh taste and aroma. The pods come in a resealable package that keeps coffee fresher longer.
Bullet Point 5: BREWING COFFEE SINCE 1932 – From the first shop in New York City to the homes of coffee lovers worldwide, Chock Full o’Nuts has been the trusted name in perfectly roasted “heavenly” coffee for almost 100 years.
Value: 20.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/814GVyKhRfL.jpg
105202,"Item Name: 25 & Fabulous Miniatures Candy Bar Wrapper, (Set of 60) Mini Candy Bar Stickers Labels; Birthday Party Favor Décor. Candy Not Included. Made in USA
Bullet Point 1: Transform Your Treats into Extraordinary Party Favors: These Miniature candy bar stickers are the easiest way to make your birthday celebration unforgettable. Instantly add a personalized, festive touch to your candy bars and wow your guests!
Bullet Point 2: Premium-Quality Stickers That Impress Every Guest: Made with vibrant, fade-resistant ink and premium materials, these stickers give your party a professional and polished look. They’re guaranteed to make your candy table stand out. Elevate your party aesthetic with stickers that offer an eye-catching appearance, your guests will love them.
Bullet Point 3: Quick & Easy Application—Perfect for Busy Party Hosts: Save time and effort with these peel-and-stick labels. Simply wrap them around the chocolate Mini Bars, and your custom party favors are ready in seconds—no mess, no stress! No scissors, glue, or extra time needed—perfect for busy hosts!
Bullet Point 4: Durable Adhesive That Stays Put All Night Long: These stickers are made to stay securely in place, ensuring your candy favors look flawless from the moment you set them out until the last guest leaves. Guests can enjoy treats that look as good as they taste!
Bullet Point 5: Versatile Party Decor for a Memorable Milestone: Perfect for dessert tables, candy buffets, or goodie bags, these stickers are the ultimate way to celebrate. Add a touch of elegance and fun to every aspect of your special day! They can be matched with many other party items in our store. All our party items are proudly designed and made in our factory in USA.
Product Description: <strong>Are you planning a baby shower?</strong> <p>Here you have 60 self-adhesive mini candy bar stickers labels. These are 2.5"" x 1.5"" self-adhesive stickers, no glue required. (Candy Not Included)) Make your celebration a real treat with a one of a kind affordable favor. <p><strong>Stickers fit perfectly around the Miniature Candy Bar</strong>
Value: 60.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/A1c3BucuUbL.jpg
202880,"Item Name: 82 Minerals Sea Salt, Coarse French Celtic 4 oz Jar - Hand Harvested Sea Salt | Hydration & Organic, Vegan Kosher | Great for Finishing Cooking
Bullet Point 1: 82 Minerals Sea Salt is Organic and Unprocessed, Naturally dried by the sun and Wind in the Celtic Sea. This Low Sodium Sea Salt enhances every dish with its subtle, delicious taste and adds Trace Minerals and Electrolytes to your diet the CELTIC way. Keto Vegan Kosher GF Non GMO Sal Perfect for Endurance Athletes Hydration Muscle Cramps Barbara Oneill Inspired Sel Celtica
Bullet Point 2: Nutritionally Rich and Versatile: Packed with over 80 Celtic Essential Trace Electrolytes and elements, our Sea Salt crushes regular table salt in nutritional value, making it a Healthier choice for cooking, baking, pickling, and more. It's a versatile, low-sodium Gold Gourmet staple for every kitchen. Pantry Perfection- Flaky and Fabulous
Bullet Point 3: Pure and Free from Additives: Completely natural and unrefined, our Sea Salt is free from additives and chemicals. Each Celtic grain is a testament to purity, offering a rich mineral composition that is Non-GMO verified, Kosher certified, and perfect for Paleo-friendly diets. Similar to Baja - add to your smoothies for a Hydration Boost!
Bullet Point 4: Celtic Flavor Profile Umami Gourmet: Experience the exquisite flavor of our salt, which delivers an artisanal taste far superior to ordinary salts. Ideal for finishing dishes with a touch of elegance and a boost of hydration from nature's finest electrolytes. From the Celtic Sea- By Celtic Plaudiers. Flakes of Perfection
Bullet Point 5: A Trusted Family Business: ""At our obx NORTH CAROLINA-based Small Family business, We make over 20+ Organic Products in our Amazon Storefront. We specialize in Celtic, Baja and Liquid Electrolytes. Part of each sale supports Hurricane Relief and Recovery Efforts to our neighbors in our home state. Thank you for supporting women owned small businesses.
Bullet Point 6: Up to 1/4 Tsp In Food or Drinks. As with all supplements, please consult dr before adding to daily diet. Celtica, Kosher, Vegan, Keto, Low Sodium, Celtic Sea, Baja, Electrolytes, Hydration, Sea Salt Flakes, Organic, Non GMO, Gluten Free, Healthier, Migraines, Headaches, Trace Minerals, Sel, Sal, Muscle Recovery, Barbara Oneill Inspired, Natural, Non Process, Non Iodized.
Product Description: Introducing 82 Minerals Sea Salt is now available in a 4oz Glass Spice Jar with a Shaker Lid. Sourced from the pristine salt marshes of Celtic Guérande, France, our sea salt is a treasure trove of health benefits, enriched with magnesium and 82 essential minerals. Coarse Grain: With its satisfying crunch and flavorful burst, the coarse grain is great for cooking and as a mineral boost in water, enhancing texture and health benefits. Celtic, Keltic, Low Sodium, Baja, Sea Salt, Gourmet, Electrolyte, Gifting, Organic, Keto, Paleo
Value: 120.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/618ydTEzEML.jpg
79564,"Item Name: Kauai Coffee, Vanilla Macadamia Nut, Ground Coffee, 10oz Bag (Pack of 6)
Value: 60.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81FTf+l485L.jpg
251317,"Item Name: Munchies Salted Peanuts, 1.625 oz Bags (Pack of 36)
Bullet Point: Munchies snack mix, cheese fix, 8 ounce
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91ELs2sxoPL.jpg
205434,"Item Name: Generic Pack Of 2 Double Chocolate Brownie Mix 18 oz
Bullet Point: Double Chocolate Brownie Mix 18 oz
Product Description: Double Chocolate Brownie Mix 18 oz
Value: 36.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51+KjX8EDTL.jpg
15315,"Item Name: Benton's Wholesome and Crunchy Cookie Thins Toasted Coconut
Bullet Point 1: Coconut Flavored Cookies: These cookies have a delicious coconut flavor that will satisfy your sweet tooth.
Bullet Point 2: Crunchy Texture: The cookies have a crunchy texture that makes them fun to eat.
Bullet Point 3: Made in the USA: These cookies are proudly made in the United States.
Bullet Point 4: Single-Serve Packages: Each package contains just one serving of cookies.
Bullet Point 5: Great for Gifts: These cookies make a great gift for birthdays, weddings, anniversaries, or any special occasion.
Product Description: Cookie Thins Toasted Coconut
Value: 4.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61cowVJPLsL.jpg
276163,"Item Name: Polaner Fruit Sprd Apricot
Bullet Point 1: Product Type:Grocery
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Dimension:10.007 cm L X23.825 cm W X29.718 cm H
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Weight:0.481 kg
Bullet Point 4: These Are Fruit Butters
Value: 10.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71iJn6ZMCiL.jpg
245021,"Item Name: NOROI’s – Non-Alcoholic Spirits – Esprit-de-London – Gin Flavored – Crafted to Add Flavor to Your Non-Alcoholic Drinks and Cocktails – 25 fl oz (750 ml)
Product Description: Here is a delicious non-alcoholic option for gin amateurs. Discover a complex spirit that focuses on the aromatic profile of juniper berry, without alcohol.
Value: 25.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41Jygbtr+PL.jpg
25664,"Item Name: EQUAL 0 Calorie Sweetener, Aspartame and Acesulfame-K Sweetener Packets, Zero Calorie Sugar Alternative, Erythritol Free, 115 Ct (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: SWEET ALTERNATIVE: Powdered Aspartame and Acesulfame-K Sweetener provides a deliciously sweet taste without compromising on flavor.
Bullet Point 2: ZERO CALORIE SWEETENER: Savor guilt-free sweetness with Equal calorie free sweetener. Enjoy your favorite treats without worries, embracing a zero calorie alternative that maintains impeccable taste.
Bullet Point 3: SWEETENER PACKETS: Conveniently sweeten beverages like coffee and tea, as well as a variety of recipes, ensuring precise sweetness without the hassle of measuring.
Bullet Point 4: GREAT FOR BUSINESS: Tailored for businesses, offices, and extensive usage ensuring, uninterrupted sweetness. Whether for your café, restaurant, or workplace, relish the ease of abundant supply for all your sweetening needs
Bullet Point 5: SUGAR SUBSTITUTE: Sugar substitute has the same sweetness as two teaspoons of traditional sugar, offering a guilt-free sugar alternative.
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81f0LWTXHQL.jpg
90451,"Item Name: NatureâÂ€ÂšÃƒÂ„Ãƒ´s Own Honey Wheat Thin Sandwich Bread, 20 oz
Value: 20.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71rm-PGqVYL.jpg
5215,"Item Name: Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free 1 to 1 Baking Flour, 22oz (Pack of 4) - Non GMO, Vegan, Kosher
Bullet Point 1: GLUTEN FREE MADE EASY: Bob’s Red Mill expertly crafted a one-to-one blend of gluten free flours, starches and xanthan gum; effortlessly transforms traditional cookies, cakes, brownies, muffins and pancakes into gluten free treats
Bullet Point 2: TESTED AND CONFIRMED GLUTEN FREE: Tested and confirmed gluten free in a 100% dedicated gluten free facility; safe for those with celiac disease or gluten sensitivity
Bullet Point 3: NO SPECIALTY INGREDIENTS NEEDED: Making delicious gluten free baked goods is a snap with this Gluten Free 1-to-1 Baking Flour blend; simply follow your favorite baking recipes and replace wheat flour with this easy-to-use blend
Bullet Point 4: GOOD INGREDIENTS FOR ALL: Bob’s Red Mill measures and blends superior gluten free flour blend which works wonderfully in recipes that call for baking powder or baking soda; not for yeast breads
Value: 88.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81GKtzq4nSL.jpg
68223,"Item Name: Bossen Jelly Topping-8.38lbs/bottle-Pineapple flavor
Bullet Point 1: Bursting with sweet, fruity pineapple flavor, Bossen Pineapple Jelly is made of nata de coco (natural coconut gel) and consists of translucent, soft, jelly-like morsels that are sweetened with syrup.
Bullet Point 2: EASY & QUICK TREAT: Bossen Jelly requires no cooking and is fuss-free to use. Simply scoop a generous amount in bubble tea drinks or over desserts and frozen yogurt. It is delicious to have on its own too!
Bullet Point 3: COST EFFECTIVE: One bottle holds 8.38 lbs.of Bossen Jelly and contains 60 servings (2.2 oz. Jelly per serving)
Bullet Point 4: AUTHENTIC FLAVOR: Make authentic bubble tea drinks and smoothies with Bossen Jelly. Add to green tea, black tea, frozen yogurt, cold drinks,and smoothie. You can even add it as a topping on desserts, ice cream, snow cones and shaved ice.
Bullet Point 5: QUALITY: Bossen’s products are of the highest quality for that perfect boba drink. Store unopened in a cool, dry place. Store in a refrigerator once opened and make sure to use it within 2 weeks.
Bullet Point 6: GET THE FULL EXPERIENCE: Is it even bubble tea without the toppings? Choose from multiple flavors of Jelly: Lychee, Rainbow, Coconut, Pineapple, Strawberry and Lychee Star Jelly
Value: 134.08
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61Lzakw5X3L.jpg
135447,"Item Name: JONESBAR (Coconut Almond, 12 Count (Pack of 1)) USDA Organic Fruit & Nut Bar, Non-GMO, Kosher, Vegan, Gluten Free, Simple Snack Bar
Bullet Point 1: CERTIFIED: Our bars are USDA Certified Organic, Kosher, Vegan, Gluten Free, Non-GMO and Soy-Free
Bullet Point 2: SIMPLE: 5 or less ingredients - you won't find any added sugars, natural flavorings or brown rice syrup here.
Bullet Point 3: QUALITY: We source only the best US grown Organic dates from the Coachella Valley in California and our Organic Single Origin 100% Dark Chocolate is grown in the foothills of the Andes Mountains.
Bullet Point 4: TEXTURE AND TASTE: One bite is all it takes to taste the difference between jonesbar and all the others. We lightly mix every batch to the perfect chewy consistency so every bite is unique and our organic whole food ingredients are the star of the show.
Bullet Point 5: CLEAN & HONEST PLANT BASED PROTEIN: Made with organic, kosher, gluten free, vegan and dairy free ingredients that you can see and taste when you break open every jonesbar.
Bullet Point 6: CONVENIENT: Great on the go wherever life takes you. Pairs great with your morning coffee and afternoon workout. Kids love them too, stock up for snacks and lunches! Don't forget to pack a few jonesbars when you are on the mountain, we won't freeze in your pocket. Happy snacking.
Bullet Point 7: DELICIOUS: Combine toasted coconut and roasted almonds and enjoy a sweet tropical escape, need we say more?
Product Description: Open this jonesbar, close your eyes and take a bite. You will immediately be transported to the islands, Jost Van Dyke to be specific. This tropical escape brought to you by only 5 organic ingredients. We want to get back to the basics with our eating and encourage clean living, so our handmade bars are a healthy snack option you can rely on. Certified Organic, Certified Kosher, gluten free, vegan, soy free, no sugar added and no fillers -- welcome to the simple life!
Value: 19.9
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81o-Gp7cR9L.jpg
58777,"Item Name: O'Creme Gumpaste Peony 5 Inch Set of 3 Pink with Layered Petals
Bullet Point 1: Flower petals edible, other parts inedible
Bullet Point 2: Besides food coloring, the edible petals are confectioners sugar, egg white powder, distilled water, corn starch, CMC powder, vegetable shortening, FD&C red 3, FD&C yellow 5
Bullet Point 3: Made in nut-free facility
Bullet Point 4: Replete with detail — veins on petals, ruffles along edges of petals, stamens in center
Bullet Point 5: Made to your standard and saving you time
Product Description: <b>O'Creme Gumpaste Peony 5 Inch, Pink with Layered Petals</b> <li>Flower petals edible, other parts inedible <li>Besides food coloring, the edible petals are confectioners sugar, egg white powder, distilled water, corn starch, CMC powder, vegetable shortening, FD&C red 3, FD&C yellow 5 <li>Made in nut-free facility <li>Replete with detail — veins on petals, ruffles along edges of petals, stamens in center <li>Made to your standard and saving you time<br><br>Store in a cool dry place.
Value: 3.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/618SketYG8L.jpg
73979,"Item Name: Starbucks Ground Coffee Variety Pack, Dark, Medium, Starbucks Blonde Roast, 100% Arabica, 10 Packets (2.5 oz each)
Bullet Point 1: PREMIUM GROUND COFFEE—Starbucks delivers 10 premeasured packets of our most popular coffees—Starbucks CaffèVerona (3 bags), Starbucks Pike Place Roast (4 bags) and Starbucks Veranda Blend (3 bags). Each premeasured pack makes 12 cups of coffee
Bullet Point 2: PIKE PLACE ROAST—A smooth, well-rounded blend of Latin American coffees with subtly rich notes of cocoa and toasted nuts, this is the same delicious medium-roast coffee that's brewed fresh every day in Starbucks cafés
Bullet Point 3: STARBUCKS VERANDA BLEND COFFEE—With notes of toasted malt and baking chocolate, our lightest roasted coffee is an easy drink that is both mellow and flavorful with a nice softness
Bullet Point 4: STARBUCKS CAFFÈ VERONA BLEND—A well-balanced and rich dark roast ground coffee, Starbucks Caffè Verona blend is a storied dark roast with notes of dark cocoa and caramelized sugar
Bullet Point 5: MAKE IT YOUR OWN—Whether you like black coffee or take it with cream and sugar, Starbucks coffee is carefully ground to be ideal for a variety of brewing methods, including drip brewer, coffee press, pour-over and moka pot
Value: 25.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81iLFNItiYL.jpg
173699,"Item Name: Sweetleaf Stevia Stevia Liq Grape
Bullet Point: Sweet Leaf Sweet Drops Sweetener Grape - 2 fl oz
Value: 2.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61S8ensk39L.jpg
201120,"Item Name: Heaven & Earth Organic Coconut Aminos, 8.4 oz (2 Pack) | Soy Free | Paleo Friendly | Low Sodium | Soy Sauce Replacement | Kosher (Including Passover)
Bullet Point 1: ORGANIC – Heaven & Earth Coconut Aminos is made from the sap of organically grown coconut trees, guaranteeing a pure and natural product that does not have a coconut flavor.
Bullet Point 2: SOY FREE – Our coconut aminos is soy free, providing a great soy sauce alternative for those with soy allergies. This versatile and authentic alternative for soy sauce also enables you to easily embrace a Paleo lifestyle.
Bullet Point 3: LOW SODIUM – As a low sodium and low glycemic soy sauce substitute, this sauce is specifically crafted for those who are mindful of their glycemic index and sodium intake.
Bullet Point 4: VERSATILE FLAVOR - Our Coconut Aminos effortlessly replaces soy sauce in a 1:1 ratio, creating a symphony of rich, savory notes with a hint of sweetness and transforming your dishes into a culinary masterpiece.
Bullet Point 5: CERTIFIED - Heaven & Earth Organic Coconut Aminos is certified Kosher for Passover and year round use.
Product Description: Embark on a culinary journey with Heaven & Earth Coconut Aminos, meticulously crafted from the sap of organically grown coconut trees. This soy-free delight serves as a perfect alternative for soy sauce, catering to those with soy allergies and seamlessly fitting into a Paleo lifestyle. Boasting low sodium and low glycemic properties, it caters to individuals mindful of their glycemic index and sodium intake. Beyond its health-conscious features, this versatile gem effortlessly replaces soy sauce in a 1:1 ratio, orchestrating a symphony of rich, savory notes with a subtle hint of sweetness. Your dishes will be transformed into culinary masterpieces, delivering an unparalleled flavor experience.
Value: 16.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/719JJ3qierL.jpg
64448,"Item Name: Mystic Sprinkles Graduation Day Sprinkles Mixes (Graduation Day! Blue & White Sprinkle Mix 3.8oz)
Bullet Point 1: Choose from many festive options!
Bullet Point 2: Takes all of your sweet treats to the next level!
Bullet Point 3: Made in the USA
Bullet Point 4: Makes a GREAT gift!
Product Description: Celebrate in style with these Graduation Day Sprinkle Mixes from Mystic Sprinkles. These school color inspired sprinkles with adorable graduation caps are just what you need to take all of your treats to the next level! Whether you're courtside, poolside, or on the field, these adorable jimmies are ready to top cookies, cupcakes, brownies, ice cream and more!
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/713-AQbcDqL.jpg
243239,"Item Name: Kolafabrikens, Firm Caramels Mix (Kolamix) (2 Lbs)
Bullet Point 1: Estimate per order: 2 Lbs in a Sealed bag
Bullet Point 2: Caramel
Bullet Point 3: Product of Kolafabrikens, Sweden
Bullet Point 4: Packed From Bulk In Ziplock Bag
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81cfMek7R3L.jpg
280496,"Item Name: GIN GINS Double Strength Ginger Candy by The Ginger People – Individually Wrapped Healthy Candy – 3 oz Bag – Pack of 24
Bullet Point 1: Vegan product
Bullet Point 2: Non-GMO Project Verified
Bullet Point 3: America's Selling Ginger Candy
Value: 72.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61eU2AdPRvL.jpg
293812,"Item Name: I Love 'Em Asian ( Acid Rain Productions )
Product Description: Adult DVD movie
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/8153kGD35nL.jpg
35203,"Item Name: Hormel Compleats Chicken Dumplings, 7.5 oz
Bullet Point 1: Delicious ready to eat food for busy scheduled people and others
Bullet Point 2: Need not be frozen or refrigerated
Bullet Point 3: Also feature consistent heating
Value: 7.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41MOB6OwqrL.jpg
31858,"Item Name: Puroast Low Acid Coffee Half Caff | Half Caff French Roast Ground | Dark Roast | High Antioxidants & High pH |No Bitter Aftertaste | Reduced Heartburn & GERD | Suitable for Cold Brew - 2.2 LB
Bullet Point 1: 70% Less Acid: Enjoy a smooth, flavorful coffee with significantly reduced acid, perfect for those with sensitive stomachs.
Bullet Point 2: Rich in Antioxidants: Packed with antioxidants, Puroast Coffee helps boost wellness with 7x more antioxidants than green tea.
Bullet Point 3: Gut-Friendly: Low-acid formula supports digestive health without sacrificing taste or aroma
Bullet Point 4: Pure Coffee, No Additives: Made from premium, all-natural coffee beans without any additives or preservatives.
Bullet Point 5: Smooth & Full-Bodied Flavor: Enjoy a balanced, medium roast blend that’s gentle on the stomach yet bold in taste.
Bullet Point 6: Ideal for All Brewing Methods: Suitable for drip, French press, Keurig-compatible pods, and espresso machines.
Bullet Point 7: Sustainably Sourced: Puroast uses 100% renewable fuels in our clean tech roasting process. Carbon Nuetral
Value: 35.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51YAlenDOgL.jpg
162188,"Item Name: Ken's Foods 1000 Island Sald Dressing, 16 Fl Oz
Bullet Point 1: Dressing
Bullet Point 2: Gluten Free
Bullet Point 3: Great for dipping
Product Description: Ken's Steak House Dressing Thousand Island
Value: 16.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ZVAbrQhgL.jpg
193450,"Item Name: Sugar In The Raw, Packets, 100 ct (Pack of 3)
Value: 3.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61oocPHXwvL.jpg
34991,"Item Name: Kikkoman Naturally Brewed Soy Sauce (413934) 20 oz (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point: 20 oz
Product Description: Glass Bottle
Value: 240.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61ZNOt6t-4L.jpg
232133,"Item Name: Colombina Dulce de Leche Wafer Bridge - Delicious Dulce de leche Flavor Cream Wafers Snack with Plant-Based Colors - Individually Pack for On-the-Go Snacking - Perfect Treats for Parties, Gatherings (5.33 Oz) 8 pack
Value: 8.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81d3-MH4acL.jpg
294874,"Item Name: McCormick Guacamole Seasoning Mix, 1 oz
Bullet Point 1: Easy guacamole seasoning mix
Bullet Point 2: Make party-ready dip in less than 5 minutes
Bullet Point 3: Just combine with mashed avocados and serve
Bullet Point 4: Made with McCormick spices, red bell pepper, garlic and jalapeño pepper
Bullet Point 5: Serve with tortilla chips or top Mexican favorites like tacos or nachos
Bullet Point 6: Convenient seasoning packet to keep on hand in your pantry
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/9177xFwkS9L.jpg
160416,"Item Name: Jim’s Organic Coffee – Jo-Jo’s Java Blend – Medium/Light Roast, Ground Coffee, 12 oz Bag
Bullet Point 1: Medium/LIGHT ROAST - A medium body, medium acidity coffee. Very basic but very, very good. This is a top seller as it is such a crowd pleaser.
Bullet Point 2: ROASTED TO PERFECTION - We roast and pack our coffee into one-way valve bags for roaster fresh taste. Coffee beans are artisan roasted to perfection at our state of the art facility. Made in the USA.
Bullet Point 3: THE BEST ORGANIC FARMS - We use the finest quality 100% Arabica coffee beans from all over the world. Over 20+ years, we’ve established long-lasting relationships with growers, ensuring we get only their best coffee, year after year.
Bullet Point 4: ORGANIC COFFEE WITH A MISSION – Our mission is to bring you exceptional coffee – Coffee with Character – batch after batch, cup after cup. We are 100% dedicated to Organic Coffee. Jim is a founder of the organic coffee movement; with over 25 years’ experience. All of our coffee is USDA Certified Organic and Kosher. Jim’s Organic Coffee is a B-Corp – harnessing the power of business as a force to do good, we give back to coffee communities through charity partnerships.
Bullet Point 5: GROUND COFFEE – Best brewed as Drip, French Press, or Pour-over method.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81xUcsNngdL.jpg
104466,"Item Name: Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free Old Fashion Rolled Oats (32 Ounce, Pack of 3)
Bullet Point 1: 32 oz. resealable stand up bag (2 lbs.). Set of 3
Bullet Point 2: Gluten Free; Vegan; Vegetarian; 100% Whole Grain; High in Fiber; Kosher Pareve
Bullet Point 3: Manufactured in a dedicated gluten free facility; R5-ELISA tested gluten free
Bullet Point 4: 100% whole grain
Bullet Point 5: Prepare on the stove or in the microwave
Product Description: In 1978, Bob and Charlee Moore founded Bob’s Red Mill with the mission of bringing people back to basics with delicious whole grains. Today, the company is proudly employee owned and makers of a wide variety of good foods you’ll feel great about eating. Explore an incredible selection of whole grains, flours, cereals, baking mixes, beans, seeds, grab-and-go meals and snacks, and more. With a dedicated gluten free manufacturing facility, strict quality control protocols and in-house testing, Bob’s Red Mill is a trusted source for gluten free products, and also offers paleo-friendly, keto, kosher and vegan options. Based in Milwaukie, Oregon.
Value: 96.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/619Ji3wtHQL.jpg
284624,"Item Name: Campbell's Condensed Beef Broth, 10.5 Ounce Can
Bullet Point 1: One (1) 10.5 oz can of Campbell's Condensed Beef Broth
Bullet Point 2: Canned beef broth crafted with high-quality beef stock and seasoned to perfection for a rich and savory flavor
Bullet Point 3: Use it as an ingredient in recipes like Spicy Mac and Beef, try it as a stew or soup base, or add it to homemade gravies, sauces and more
Bullet Point 4: This convenient canned soup is also delicious on its own, topped with fresh herbs or olive oil, or enjoyed with a sandwich or salad
Bullet Point 5: Each 10.5 oz recyclable can contains about 2.5 servings of microwave soup and features a non-BPA lining
Value: 10.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/812m-+R0G9L.jpg
19742,"Item Name: Maple Walnut Yerba Mate Tea (25 tea bags, ZIN: 559910) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Maple Walnut Yerba Mate tea is a scrumptuous all-natural flavored Yerba Mate coffee substitute with Walnuts, Pineapple and Coconut that will refresh you with its terrific taste! You will enjoy the earthy and acidity-free Maple Walnut aroma and flavor again and again! - Ingredients: Yerba Mate, Walnuts, Pineapple, Coconut and Natural Maple Walnut Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 25 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Yerba Mate Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Maple Walnut Yerba Mate tea is a scrumptuous all-natural flavored Yerba Mate coffee substitute with Walnuts, Pineapple and Coconut that will refresh you with its terrific taste! You will enjoy the earthy and acidity-free Maple Walnut aroma and flavor again and again! - Ingredients: Yerba Mate, Walnuts, Pineapple, Coconut and Natural Maple Walnut Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (To make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantl
Value: 75.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81k0NlvZ8dL.jpg
87611,"Item Name: Lundberg Family Farms - Traditional Italian Risotto, Butternut Squash, Convenient Side Dish, 20 Minute Cook Time, Pantry Staple, Sustainably Farmed, Non-GMO, Gluten-Free, Kosher Dairy (5.8 oz, 6-Pack)
Bullet Point 1: ITALIAN-STYLE RISOTTO: Enjoy the sweet, rich & slight­ly nut­ty taste of but­ter­nut squash in this ele­gant Ital­ian-style risot­to. A blend of qual­i­ty ingre­di­ents like but­ter­nut squash, onion, gar­lic, & spices with creamy Arbo­rio rice.
Bullet Point 2: THOUGHTFULLY CRAFTED: You’ll love how the indi­vid­ual ker­nels plump, cre­at­ing a rich, creamy sauce while the grains remain sep­a­rate & al dente. Prepar­ing this tasty risot­to takes about 20 min­utes & requires min­i­mal stir­ring.
Bullet Point 3: GOOD FROM THE GRAIN UP: This gourmet side dish is Non-GMO Project Verified, certified gluten-free, & Kosher Dairy. At Lundberg Family Farms, we strive to make every bite of our grains as healthful as they are delicious.
Bullet Point 4: LEAVE THE LAND BETTER THAN YOU FOUND IT: There’s more to food than flavor. Our focus on organic, non-GMO & diverse grains helps create a food system that doesn't drain our earth’s resources, & that puts meals on your table of the highest quality.
Bullet Point 5: CULTIVATING A FAMILY TRADITION: For over four generations, the Lundberg family has produced high-quality organic rice products. Our mission is to honor our family farming legacy by nourishing, conserving, & innovating for a healthier world.
Value: 34.8
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81fThL0K7KL.jpg
227957,"Item Name: Rani Ginger (Adarak) Powder Ground, Spice 400oz (25lb) 11.36kg Bulk Box ~ All Natural | Vegan | Gluten Friendly | NON-GMO | Indian Origin
Bullet Point 1: You'll LOVE our Ginger Ground by Rani Brand--Here's Why:
Bullet Point 2: ❤️100% Natural, Non-GMO, No Preservatives, Vegan, Gluten Friendly PREMIUM Gourmet Food Grade Spice.
Bullet Point 3: ❤️Packed in a no barrier Carton Box, let us tell you how important that is when using this, potent of all Indian Spices!
Bullet Point 4: ❤️Rani is a USA based company selling spices for over 40 years, buy with confidence!
Bullet Point 5: ❤️Net Wt. 400oz (25lb) 11.36kg, Authentic Indian Product, Product of India, Alternative Name: (Indian) Adarak
Product Description: <b>Ginger</b>A Little History! <br> Native to India and China, ginger is an ancient spice that has been cultivated in tropical Asia for over 3,000 years. Ginger has a warm, woody aroma, with a hot and slightly bitter taste. Ginger combines particularly well with the warm flavor of cumin, and coriander in savory Indian dishes. It also contributes largely to pickles, chutneys and curry powders, which make it an essential spice in Indian cuisine. In the west, it is largely used in puddings, jams, preserves, cakes, breads, and cookies. <br> <br> Product Type: Ground Powder <br> Packaging: Plastic Bag<br> <br> Product of India <br> <br> Alternative Name (Indian) Adarak
Value: 400.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ERhXtA25L.jpg
68427,"Item Name: Pepperidge Farm, Milano, Cookies, Dark Chocolate, 22.5 oz, Multi-pack, 30 count - 0,75 OZ (21g) packs
Bullet Point: Pepperidge Farm, Milano, Cookies, Dark Chocolate 30 pack
Product Description: 2 cookies in each convenient pack (30 total) Luxuriously rich Dark Chocolate Crisp and exquisite Baked with care The perfect on-the-go treat
Value: 22.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71cfjWVSQbL.jpg
204601,"Item Name: NOCCO Zero Sugar Energy Drink, Blue Raspberry - 12 Fl Oz (Pack of 12) - 180mg Caffeine, Sugar Free, BCAAs - Branched Chain Amino Acids, Carbonated & Low Cal, B Vitamins, Grab & Go Performance Beverage
Bullet Point: NOCCO BCAA SPARKLING & NOSTALGIC BLUE RASPBERRY: NOCCO BCAA Blue Raspberry has a sweet amd refreshing flavor of rich raspberries that gets better with every taste. 12 Ready-to-drink slim cans packed with 180mg of caffeine to kickstart your day! This energy drink is sugar free, only 15 calories, and contains a bit of biotin!
Product Description: Are You Nocco Enough? NOCCO is a beverage with BCAAs Amino Acids (branched chain amino acids or liquid aminos) and vitamin B and 3 other vitamins, developed in Sweden. The caffeine energy drink is preferably consumed in connection to a workout. NOCCO launched its first natural energy drink in December 2014 and is today available in more than 30 markets. Our goal is to create healthy energy drinks for active men and women. All products are carbonated, sugar-free and low calorie. The caffeine drink flavors can be a vital boost to any intense workout. Try our caffeine free flavors, perfect for those who are sensitive to caffeine. Some customers report that our beverages are suitable for their keto lifestyle. Grab a 12 pack of your favorite flavor of energy drinks, sugar free and join the list of top athletes who make NOCCO their #1 choice!
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81a-AxGZRwL.jpg
107223,"Item Name: Cheerios Oat Crunch, Cinnamon (59.5 Ounce)
Value: 59.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/716jXzypUyL.jpg
237588,"Item Name: Grandma's Homestyle Big Cookies - 2 Cookies in Each Pack (Pack of 12) Total 24 Cookies (Homestyle Chocolate Chip)
Bullet Point 1: Contains twelve (12) Grandma's cookies packages. Each package contains two (2) cookies
Bullet Point 2: CHOCOLATE CHIP: feature real semi-sweet chocolate chips
Bullet Point 3: OATMEAL RAISIN: feature rolled oats and raisins in a great tasting cookie.
Bullet Point 4: PEANUT BUTTER: soft texture and a great peanut butter taste
Bullet Point 5: MINI VANILLA CREAM BITES: bite sized vanilla cookies with a cream filling
Bullet Point 6: GRANDMA'S Chocolate Brownie Big Cookies have a soft texture and sweet, chocolaty taste. Great for on-the-go snacking or after meal treat.
Bullet Point 7: Prepped and packaged in a KD Supplies Custom Bag by your candy and snack experts!
Product Description: KD Supplies GRANDMA'S Cookies have a soft texture. Grandma’s cookies offer a delicious variety of homemade memories. With flavors like chocolate, peanut butter and lemon pie, every Grandma’s treat is baked with love. 2 Big cookies in each pack. Great for on the go snacking or after meal treat.
Value: 30.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71A9uF+P2kL.jpg
1313,"Item Name: Instant White Rice, 28 oz (3 Pack) Great Value Delicious Enriched Long Grain
Value: 28.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51AwECuOdXL.jpg
196900,"Item Name: Old El Paso Tostada Shells, Gluten Free, 12-count, 4.5 oz. (Pack of 10)
Bullet Point 1: TOSTADAS: Contains 12 tostada shells made with only three ingredients
Bullet Point 2: GLUTEN FREE: Enjoy these gluten-free shells for your next family taco night
Bullet Point 3: QUICK & EASY: Heat in oven at 325 degrees F for six to seven minutes for convenient meal prep
Bullet Point 4: TOP WITH YOUR FAVORITES: Stack your tostada high with your favorite taco fillings and devour every crunchy bite
Bullet Point 5: CONTAINS: 4.5 oz (Pack of 10)
Value: 45.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91XtsTirzuL.jpg
22107,"Item Name: Riga Gold Smoked Sardines in Oil, 100g Jar (3 Pack) Kosher Certified (Pack 3)
Bullet Point 1: This delicacy from Latvia. The wild-caught sardines are naturally wood-smoked and are GMO and BPA free. They are gently hand-packed vertically in a glass jar, covered with oil.
Bullet Point 2: Ingredients: smoked sardines, vegetable oil (contains one or more of the following: rapeseed oil or soybean oil), salt.
Bullet Point 3: Sardines are packed with an abundance of nutrients, such as omega-3. Riga Gold is a true nutritional powerhouse and a significant source of omega-3
Bullet Point 4: Riga Gold Smoked Sardines in Oil can be enjoyed in a variety of ways. It can be eaten on its own as a snack, or used as an ingredient in salads, sandwiches, and pasta dishes. Its rich and savory flavor makes it a great addition to many recipes.
Product Description: Riga Gold Smoked Sardines in Oil - 100g JarThis delicacy from Latvia has been a favorite in Eastern Europe and Scandinavia for years. The wild-caught sardines are naturally wood-smoked and are GMO and BPA free. They are gently hand-packed vertically in a glass jar covered with oil.Certified Kosher Ingredients: smoked sardines vegetable oil (contains one or more of the following: rapeseed oil or soybean oil) salt.Product of Latvia
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91KoJXh0UjL.jpg
73030,"Item Name: Garrett Popcorn Garrett Mix, 6.0oz, 1 Bag,​ Cheese and Caramel Gourmet Popcorn, Gluten Free, Sweet and Salty Snack, Popped Popcorn Bags
Bullet Point 1: UNIQUELY DELICIOUS GOURMET POPCORN: We make our Garrett Popcorn recipes in small batches, handcrafted from scratch using real ingredients to create our uniquely delicious taste.
Bullet Point 2: A PERFECT SNACK: Have our cheese and caramel popcorn bags on-hand for a uniquely delicious snack. Anytime, anywhere.
Bullet Point 3: A SPECIAL TREAT FOR ANY OCCASION: Movie nights. Holiday parties. Catching up with friends. Quality time together calls for Garrett Popcorn.
Value: 6.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71EGjvSZzIL.jpg
181909,"Item Name: NUT CRAVINGS - Roasted & Salted Mixed Nuts - Brazils, Brazil, Pecan, Almond, Hazelnut, Cashew (32oz - 2 LB) Packed Fresh in Resealable Bag - Healthy Protein Food, Natural, Keto Friendly, Vegan, Kosher
Bullet Point 1: THE MOST DELICIOUS ROASTED SALTED MIXED NUTS EVER: Our Roasted Mixed Nuts are a balanced and delicious mix of freshly-roasted brazils, pecans, almonds, hazelnuts and cashews. They're all roasted right in-house and slightly sprinkled with salt so that their flavor makes your taste buds reach the seventh heaven.
Bullet Point 2: IDEAL FOR YUMMY RECIPES, SOLO SNACKING, AND MORE: Roasted Mixed Nuts are great for solo snacking sessions, paired with a cold drink or soda while watching your favorite sports game Sounds good, huh?
Bullet Point 3: FRESH AND NUTRITIOUS NEVER LOOKED BETTER TOGETHER : Our Roasted Salted Mixed Nuts are not only fresh, crunchy, and full of flavor, but are also a healthy snack choice full of nutrients, vitamins, and antioxidants!
Bullet Point 4: TOP 'NUTCH' RESEALABLE BAG: Our zipper-style easily resealable bags make sure your snacks are kept fresh. Storing them at home? They'll stay fresh. Bringing them to work? They'll stay fresh. Taking them with you on your next trip? Fresh!
Bullet Point 5: FARMERS SEAL OF FRESHNESS: Our Roasted Salted Mixed Nuts are hand picked by our farmers and carefully selected at our packing facilities in New York after passing our strict quality control processes. This ensures you only get the freshest and highest quality nuts in the market.
Product Description: <p>Nut Cravings brings you the perfect treat: a bag of the yummiest quality of nuts.<br><br> Our Roasted Mixed Nuts are a balanced and <b>delicious mix of freshly-roasted brazils, pecans, almonds, hazelnuts and cashews.</b> They're all roasted right in-house and slightly sprinkled with salt so that their flavor makes your taste buds reach the seventh heaven.<br><br> <b>Treat yourself or a loved one to nature's goodness with our Roasted Mixed Nuts!<br><br></b> They come beautifully presented in our TOP ""NUTCH"" bags to provide the ultimate experience. These resealable bags will keep them as fresh and delicious as they were when handpicked at our farms.<br><br><br> <b>Roasted Mixed Nuts are great for solo snacking sessions, paired with a cold beer or soda while watching your favorite sports game Sounds good, huh?<br><br><br></b> <b>In addition, there's a cute story behind them!<br><br></b> Lewis and Lindsay Cooper founded Nut Cravings in 2015 with the idea of mixing the two things they loved the most: travelling the world, and snacking. Today, our snacks are grown all around the world before travelling all the way to New York to be packed fresh and delivered right to your door.<br><br><br> <b>Do you want to know how much goodness you get in every bag?<br><br></b> We have bags with 16oz (1lb), 32oz (2lb), 48oz (3lb) and 80oz (5lb), you choose your size!<br><br> Ready to get delighted by these delicious snacks?
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/813OTEFqVtL.jpg
23045,"Item Name: NEW PACKAGING Polygonatum Sibiricum King Solomon’s Seal Huang Jing 黃精 4oz
Bullet Point 1: Selected from high quality Polygonatum Sibiricum 黃精
Bullet Point 2: Naturally dried herbs
Bullet Point 3: Packed in a paper bag
Bullet Point 4: 4 Oz
Product Description: Huang Jing is sweet and neutral. May help to tonify Qi and nourish Yin. Naturally dried herbs. Packed in a rice paper bag. 4 oz<p>ALL PICTURES SHOWN ARE FOR ILLUSTRATION PURPOSE ONLY. ACTUAL PRODUCT MAY VARY DUE TO PRODUCT ENHANCEMENT.</p>
Value: 4.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61WU+N1ilAL.jpg
142744,"Item Name: Guava White Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 530321) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Guava White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Marigold that you can enjoy all year round! - Ingredients: White tea, Marigold and natural guava flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf White Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Guava White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Marigold that you can enjoy all year round! - Ingredients: White tea, Marigold and natural guava flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and to look for new ways to serve you and the ones you love. TerraVita has become a trusted househol
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ReSBc8IFL.jpg
169122,"Item Name: LorAnn Hot Chili , Natural Flavor, 1 ounce
Bullet Point 1: Kick up your chocolate, hard candy or baking recipes with this hot and spicy all natural ingredient. Designed to be used as an accent flavor along with other flavors - it’s truly a gourmet sensation! Try it along with LorAnn’s Mango, Lime, Cherry, or wherever you want a spicy kick of flavor.
Bullet Point 2: Kick up your chocolate, hard candy or baking recipes with this hot and spicy all natural ingredient. Designed to be used as an accent flavor along with other flavors - it’s truly a gourmet sensation! Try it along with LorAnn’s Mango, Lime, Cherry, or wherever you want a spicy kick of flavor.
Bullet Point 3: Appropriate for use in chocolates and coatings (typical use is ¼ to ½ teaspoon per pound)
Bullet Point 4: See below for Caution Information.
Bullet Point 5: Kosher - Gluten Free - Made in USA
Value: 1.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51AhyGr603L.jpg
239815,"Item Name: Beulah's Autumn Mix, 1 Pound Package, 240 Pieces of Candy
Bullet Point 1: Candy Corn and Indian Corn
Bullet Point 2: Pumpkins
Bullet Point 3: A Sweet Mellocreme Mix
Product Description: Fall Flavor Fusion: Indulge in the ultimate fall flavor experience with this delicious Autumn Mix. From the chewy sweetness of pumpkin-shaped candies to the nostalgic layers of candy corn, this fusion captures the essence of autumn!
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71kQFAwdnqL.jpg
41952,"Item Name: TERRA CHIPS CHIP SWT PTO SEA SALT, 6 OZ, PK- 12
Value: 72.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61wnTOo1spL.jpg
227911,"Item Name: Traditional Medicinals Tea, Organic Moringa, Everyday Wellness, with Spearmint & Sage, 16 Tea Bags
Bullet Point 1: HERBAL POWER: Contributes to a healthier you.
Bullet Point 2: TASTE: Earthy and floral with uplifting hints of mint.
Bullet Point 3: PLANT STORY: Ayurvedic healers have been using moringa—a.k.a. “the Miracle Tree”—for over 3, years for its many benefits. Native to the sub-Himalayan regions of India and Nepal, moringa thrives in drought-like conditions. State of Readiness: Mix
Bullet Point 4: USDA Certified Organic. Non-GMO Verified. Kosher. Caffeine Free. Certified B Corp. Compostable Tea Bags.
Bullet Point 5: Consistently high quality herbs from ethical trading partnerships.
Bullet Point 6: Packaging May Vary
Value: 16.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71DuY-Q100L.jpg
31484,"Item Name: Kasugai Lychee Candy, 4.62-Ounce (Pack of 4)
Value: 14.36
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71J8a2j-ZWL.jpg
252567,"Item Name: Goya Bean Pinto
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/710BIeeQ3mL.jpg
225977,"Item Name: Yellow Bulk 2LB Bag of Lemon Candy
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81YMHd1OQoL.jpg
48243,"Item Name: Root Beer Extract, Natural - 4 fl. oz. glass bottle
Bullet Point 1: Root Beer Flavor, Root Beer Extract, Root Beer Flavoring
Bullet Point 2: Gluten & Sugar Free
Bullet Point 3: All Natural, Water Soluble
Bullet Point 4: For Baking, Beverages & Ice Cream
Bullet Point 5: Kosher
Product Description: While historians often credit Charles Hires with formualting root beer, he simply made it popular. It was actually first created in the American colonies from extracts of sassafrass and birch bark. The root beer we know today, nolonger contains any sassafrass since it was determined to be a health risk, but is a blend of wintergreen, vanilla, licorice and other flavors. Our Natural Root Beer Extract can be used in baking, beverages and ice cream. One teaspoon is sufficient for your typical cake or cookie recipe. Silver Cloud&apos;s Natural Root Beer Extract contains water, alcohol and natural flavor. This extract is sugar and gluten-free.
Value: 4.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ldnF5gf0L.jpg
201046,"Item Name: Culture Pop Soda, Jazzy & Juicy Variety Pack, Probiotic Low Sugar Soda, Sparkling Juice Alternative, Non-GMO, Kosher, Gluten-Free, No Stevia (12pk)
Bullet Point 1: Jazzy Variety Pack: This refreshingly delicious variety pack includes our most crushable, juicy faves that everyone is bound to love! Perfect for pool days, picnics or a mid-day pick me up!
Bullet Point 2: A Refreshingly Simple Soda: More flavorful than a seltzer but much less sweet than traditional colas or fruit sodas, our soda pack of 12 is sweetened only with fruit juice, no refined sugar or high-intensity sweeteners.
Bullet Point 3: Gut You Feelin’ Good: Each probiotic soda contains billions of CFUs of live probiotics at the time of canning. Each 12 oz can is 45-50 calories, 8-11g total sugar, plant-based, kosher, non-GMO, vegan, gluten-free. Contains no stevia or artificial sweeteners for a delicious, real flavor.
Bullet Point 4: Why Probiotic Soda? Enjoy a refreshing, better-for-you soda with added benefits for your body. Our probiotic drinks serve as a tasty alternative to kombucha, soft drinks, soda pop, and sugary sports drinks.
Bullet Point 5: No fridge? No problem! Culture Pop is shelf-stable and can be stored at ambient temperatures. Our probiotic remains viable under a wide temperature and pH range, via stability testing, the probiotics that we use experienced virtually no loss of colony-forming units (CFU) over 24 months when stored at room temperature (25°C). This allows you to keep some of the drinks in your fridge and the rest in your pantry!
Product Description: Craving a soda is refreshingly simple yet delicious? Want a clean drink like seltzer but hoping for some more flavor like traditional soda? Culture Pop is a probiotic soda made with organic fruit juices and real, ground organic spices & herbs. Each 12 oz can contains 45 calories and billions of CFU’s of live probiotics at the time of canning. Compared to other prebiotic soda, lemon lime soda, organic soda, strawberry soda, strawberry rhubarb, Culture Pop is made the way that you’d hope your soda would be made! Each flavor is crafted by steeping organic spices and/or herbs into an organic blend of real fruit juices! We then add billions of CFU’s of our live probiotic to each can. The result is a delicious, complex, slightly sweet soda - with only 45 calories per can. Each flavor is familiar - flavors you already know & love - but with a tasty twist. And, of course, we use no refined sweeteners, no stevia, and no other high-intensity or artificial sweeteners. Our low-sugar sodas are non-GMO, vegan, gluten-free, and plant-based. Culture Pop is not fermented, our probiotic does not impact the flavor of our sodas, and there is no vinegar-like aftertaste that sometimes is found with kombucha products. Unlike kombucha, Culture Pop is shelf-stable and can be stored at ambient temperatures.
Value: 144.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91dcMJ0a-BL.jpg
161001,"Item Name: Knouse Foods Musselmans Sliced Apple, 104 Ounce -- 6 per case.
Bullet Point 1: Knouse Foods Musselmans Sliced Apple 104 Ounce - FSLR0600MUS
Bullet Point 2: Food Items cannot be return
Bullet Point 3: Canned Apples
Product Description: Sliced apples and water.
Value: 104.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/817hbHuwY4L.jpg
292827,"Item Name: Sugar In The Raw Granulated Turbinado Cane Sugar, No Erythritol, Pure Natural Sweetener, Hot & Cold Drinks, Coffee, Cooking, Baking, Vegan, Gluten-Free, Non-GMO, Bulk Sugar, 2 Pound (Pack of 12)
Value: 384.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71QgDf6NTGL.jpg
159584,"Item Name: Nature Valley Sweet and Salty Granola Bars, Peanut, 30 Bars, 36 OZ
Bullet Point 1: CHEWY GRANOLA BARS: Positively bursting with savory peanuts and sweet granola; A must-have for an on-the-go snack
Bullet Point 2: SWEET AND SALTY: Nature Valley Sweet and Salty Nut Bars provides a perfect balance of savory nuts and sweet granola
Bullet Point 3: PERFECTLY PORTABLE: Easy bars for snack time or an on-the-go invigorating treat; Perfect for the pantry, lunch box, and hiking trail
Bullet Point 4: GREAT SNACK: No artificial flavors, artificial colors, or high fructose corn syrup
Bullet Point 5: CONTAINS: One 36 oz box of Nature Valley Sweet and Salty Peanut Granola Bars; 30 bars
Value: 36.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71n1joIUI5L.jpg
281316,"Item Name: Napolitanke Chocolate Coated, 250g
Bullet Point 1: Chocolate coated wafers with chocolate filling.
Bullet Point 2: Product of Croatia.
Product Description: Chocolate coated wafers with chocolate filling. Product of Croatia.
Value: 8.82
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91aVBYUJTzL.jpg
224188,"Item Name: C & W Fruits & Veggies, Birds Eye, The Ultimate Southwest Blend, 14 Ounce
Product Description: Snack Food
Value: 14.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51LgTSMfHbL.jpg
281823,"Item Name: HR CLR 7N BLONDE HAZELNUT
Product Description: Naturtint hair color, hazelnut blonde is plant-based permanent hair color. This product gives you intense and radiant color without all of the harsh chemicals while maintaining long-lasting color and revitalizing your hair. Naturtint hair color, hazelnut blonde does not contain ammonia or resorcinol and contains 5.28 fl. Oz. Of product. country of origin :united states is vegan :yes size :5.6 fz pack of :1 selling unit :each ingredients :cc cream: water;aqua;cetearyl alcohol;quaternium-80;propylene glycol. Helianthus annuus;sunflower;seed extract. Hydrolyzed pea protein. Hydrolyzed adansonia digitata seed extract. Moringa pterygosperma seed extract. Behentrimonium methosulfate. Glycerin. Potato starch modified. Fragrance;parfum;citric acid. Disodium phosphate. Sodium benzoate. Potassium sorbate. Benzyl alcohol. Limonene. Linalool. Citronellol;color developer: water;hydrogen peroxide. Cetyl alcohol. Cetearyl alcohol. Laureth-3. C keywords :ammonia;based;free;permanent;plant
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91HQ63U5RCS.jpg
214851,"Item Name: SweetGourmet Striped Cinnamon Disc Wrapped | Hard Candy Bulk | 3 Pounds
Bullet Point 1: Red hard candy with delicate white lines. Delicious cinnamon flavor with a touch of spice. Each candy is individually wrapped. Cinnamon flavor.
Bullet Point 2: Country Of Origin: Colombia
Bullet Point 3: Net Wt.: 3Lb (48oz). Packed in resealable Zip-Lock Stand-Up Pouches. There are approximately 75 pieces per pound.
Product Description: Enjoy this awesome delicious cinnamon flavor with a touch of spice. red hard candy with delicate white lines. Made with the highest quality ingredients and manufactured standards to ensure a long-lasting and rich flavor. Each candy is individually wrapped.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81HdbfXK+bL.jpg
67570,"Item Name: Lattini Chocolate Non-Dairy Sunflower Milk | Plant-Based, Vegan, Sustainable, Non-GMO - Allergen Free Milk Alternative 32 fl oz (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: NATURAL & SUSTAINABLE - Lattini Sunflower Seed Milk is free of dairy, gluten, nuts and soy.
Bullet Point 2: NATURE'S FINEST PLANT MILK - Sunflowers are resilient, regenerative, and radiate the goodness of nature.""
Bullet Point 3: FLOURISHING PLANET - Sunflowers are attractive and friendly to pollinators like bees. Thanks to their deep roots, sunflowers are drought tolerant and help improve soil health.
Bullet Point 4: NOURISHING PEOPLE - Sunflower seeds are tasty and packed full of nutrients. Our creamy sunflower seed milk is an excellent source of Calcium, Vitamin E, and B12.
Bullet Point 5: DELICIOUSLY MIXABLE - We love to drink sunflower seed milk every day. It also pairs well with your favorite recipe or beverage.
Value: 192.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51NIdbJVTmL.jpg
102740,"Item Name: Pink Stork Fertility Tea for Conception and Hormone Balance with Organic Mint, Vitex, and Red Raspberry Leaf, Caffeine Free - Mint, 15 Sachets, Hot or Iced
Bullet Point 1: 1 out of every 6 couples have trouble conceiving - and Pink Stork Fertility Tea includes seven USDA organic herbs to support YOU! Chaste Tree Berry (Vitex), Peppermint, Red Raspberry Leaf, Lady's Mantle, and Stinging Nettle have been used for centuries to support hormone balance for women, regular menstrual cycles, and overall reproductive well-being.
Bullet Point 2: Not just an ordinary vitex supplement, our herbal tea helps nourish and support your body while you're trying to conceive with essential nutrients and antioxidants. As Fertility Tea is designed to support natural fertility, please be mindful that it can affect your menstrual cycle. Support a regular cycle, and help your body acheive hormonal balance - a predictable period and ovulation are crucial for conception!
Bullet Point 3: We only use organic, natural herbs packaged in compostable, plant-based sachets. Women have used Chasteberry for thousands of years to support natural fertility and reproductive wellness. We've added Peppermint and Passionflower to help naturally support energy and stress levels through your journey. Our Fertility Tea is gluten-free and non-GMO too!
Bullet Point 4: We offer natural fertility supplements for women - you can pair Fertility Tea with our Fertility Support supplement (with Folate, Inositol, Ashwagandha, and more!), Fertility Gummies, or Myo-Inositol & D-Chiro-Inositol supplements! We recommend drinking our Fertility Tea (1-3 cups daily) throughout your entire cycle, until a positive pregnancy test occurs.
Bullet Point 5: Pink Stork is here to support you through this life-changing journey. Our founder and CEO, Amy Suzanne, is a mom of six children and knows how important it is to give women products you can trust. Our products are third-party tested and formulated with you in mind.
Product Description: Sip, Soothe & Strengthen: Sweet Mint fertility tea is the popular choice by a growing number of future moms who know the powerful benefits of its medicinal herbs. A refreshing flavor soothes while its herbal formula regulates & bolsters your body’s reproductive system in preparation for pregnancy. Just Say When: Fill up the cup after your doc approves—consider that this robust blend may affect your menstrual & ovulation cycles so it’s always wise to consult with your physician beforehand. You may see welcome improvements to body & mood within weeks, enjoying regular cups of tea in your day. Tea & Empathy: We are on your side in every way because we’ve been there. Pink Stork’s team of almost all women have made it a lifework to help other women around the world in reaching for their wellness & pregnancy goals with proven all-natural ingredients for optimal outcomes. Within each beautifully crafted plant-based pyramid sachet is a potent mix of herbs, including peppermint, chaste tree berry, red raspberry leaf, & lady’s mantle. Preparing for pregnancy tastes great with a cozy serving of proven organic remedies from nature. Rely On Pink Stork Integrity: Our women-owned & operated brand is fully committed to helping women everywhere nourish their happiest, healthiest, & most hope-filled lives possible. Please let us know how we can help if you ever have questions about our premium women’s health supplements.
Value: 15.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71qS077vrSL.jpg
11978,"Item Name: ShroomDNA Mushroom Coffee Blend with Chaga & Lion's Mane | Instant Focus + Clarity All Day | Organic + Vegan + Gluten Free | No Added Sugar | 20 Count
Bullet Point 1: FAST FOCUS: Our instant blend of high quality Arabic coffee from Colombia (76) and Pure Mushroom Extracts (Lion’s mane 12, Chaga 12) will get you energized, focused, and ready to take on the day
Bullet Point 2: TASTES LIKE COFFEE, NOT LIKE MUSHROOMS: Our coffee contains powerful adaptogen mushrooms, but that doesn't mean it tastes like them.
Bullet Point 3: IMMUNE SUPPORT: Packed with chaga, our ShroomDNA coffee contains antioxidants to help keep you safe, no matter the season.
Bullet Point 4: MEMORY, CLARITY, CONCENTRATION: Lions mane has natural nootropic qualities shown to support brain function. It's a good way to start any day.
Product Description: Our 20 count of Pure Mushroom Extracts Lion’s Mane + Chaga mushroom instant coffee tastes great and will leave you feeling energized and clear headed. <br> Lion’s Mane mushrooms are an adaptogenic mushroom often used to support brain function. It pairs perfectly with the caffeine from a morning cup of coffee to get your day off to a great and productive start. <br> The Chaga mushroom is another adaptogenic mushroom which is used often in Eastern medicine for its supposed immune supporting properties. It is also rich in nutrients and antioxidants. <br> Each single serve ShroomDNA sachet contains 2.5g of instant coffee - the perfect amount for a perfect cup of joe. Simply add one packet of Shroom DNA Mushroom Coffee to 8oz of hot water, stir, and enjoy. If you like stronger coffee, add 2 sachets to 8 oz of hot water. USDA Certified Organic by NCO. Registration number C8413P
Value: 1.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81f-UHdODcL.jpg
289925,"Item Name: Valley Lahvosh Baking Co. Hearts Crackerbread, Original, 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 2)
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91baSOMH7zS.jpg
40458,"Item Name: Blue Diamond Almond Breeze Milk, Vanilla, unsweetened, 32fl.oz- 6 Count
Bullet Point 1: Soy Free
Bullet Point 2: Lactose Free
Bullet Point 3: Rich in Antioxidant Vitamin E
Bullet Point 4: No Saturated Fat or Cholesterol
Bullet Point 5: Excellent Source of Calcium
Value: 192.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/919LjI20IML.jpg
278700,"Item Name: Suzie's Organic Brown Rice Cake Thins|12 Pack|Lightly Salted Low Sodium|USDA Organic, NON-GMO, Fat-Free, Sugar-Free, Gluten-Free|Low-Calorie Snack-20 Calories Per Slice|Bread & Cracker Replacement
Bullet Point 1: LOW CALORIE & SUGAR FREE: Thin Puffed Snack Cakes are a perfect low-calorie, fat free, sugar free snack at only 16 calories per slice. Perfect bread replacement. Can be paired with dips, cheeses, meat, nut butters, or eaten plain! Perfect addition to a gluten free charcuterie.
Bullet Point 2: ORGANIC & GUILT FREE SNACKING: Suzie's Thin Cakes are full of NATURAL WHOLE GRAINS along with simple, organic ingredients that will satisfy your cravings. USDA Organic, Non-GMO, Fat-Free, Sugar-Free, Gluten-Free.
Bullet Point 3: PREMIUM QUALITY SELECTION: Suzie's brings quality foods without compromise of flavor. Try all the Suzie's Rick Cake Thins: Brown Rice, Corn, Multigrain, Buckwheat Quinoa & Flax, Corn Quinoa & Sesame Seed. Great for any occasion. Perfect for school lunches, parties, and on-the-go.
Bullet Point 4: BREAD ALTERNATIVE: Our Brown Rice Puffed Rice Cakes are gluten free, fat free, low carb, and only 20 Calories Per Slice! An Average Bread Slice is 70 Calories. Suzie's keeps the delicious flavor while not crumbling. Enjoy this delicious & perfectly crunchy healthy snack with it's satisfying texture.
Bullet Point 5: WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS: Organic Wholegrain Brown Rice, Sea Salt PACK OF 12- Enjoy 12 packs of Suzie's Thin Brown Rice Cakes. Each individual pack has about 27 cakes.
Value: 58.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/710NCq6wssS.jpg
38662,"Item Name: Amore Paste,Sun Dried Tomato, 2.8-Ounce (Pack of 12) ( Value Bulk Multi-pack)
Value: 33.6
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Txl9DSvRL.jpg
99886,"Item Name: Moore Sauce Buffalo Wing Ranch,16 Fl Oz,Pack of 6
Bullet Point 1: The package dimension of the product is 8.9""L x 8.2""W x 6""H
Bullet Point 2: The package weight of the product is 7.2 pounds
Value: 96.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/811OV30MW4L.jpg
172816,"Item Name: Salerno Butter Cookies
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91n4nEVKxvL.jpg
275563,"Item Name: Mint Flavor-Alcohol Free (Organic) Frontier Natural Products 2 oz Liquid
Bullet Point 1: Add by the dash to icings, coffee, hot chocolate and milkshakes
Bullet Point 2: Try it in chocolate candy, cake, pudding and cookie recipes
Bullet Point 3: Kosher: KSA Certified
Value: 2.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71A6qGn1eYL.jpg
26172,"Item Name: SIMPLY ORGANIC Organic Mini Onion Powder, 0.74 OZ
Bullet Point: USDA-Certified Organic
Product Description: USDA Organic. Certified organic by QAI. Certified Organic: Quality Assurance International. Pure. Simple. Joy. www.simplyorganic.com. 1% of sales supports organic farming and education.
Value: 0.74
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Y3g8akEaL.jpg
277062,"Item Name: Vlasic Stackers Kosher Dill Pickles 16 oz
Bullet Point 1: Classic dill taste, fresh pack, crunchy
Bullet Point 2: Great for sandwiches
Bullet Point 3: Kosher certified
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91LEA5fHDNL.jpg
82592,"Item Name: Bob's Red Mill Active Dry Yeast - 8 oz - 2 pk
Product Description: <p><span style=""font-size:13px;""><ul><span style=""font-size:12px;""><div class=""pBlurb1""><ul><li><strong>Premium Quality</strong></li><li><strong>Gluten Free</strong></li><li><div style=""MARGIN: 0px""><strong>Kosher</strong></div></li></ul></div></span></ul></span><span style=""font-size:12px;""><div class=""pBlurb2""><p>Yeast, Active Dry is refrigerated in the warehouse, as it should be at your house, to maintain its freshness and integrity. This yeast is the same as that used by professional bakers to obtain superior results.</p></div></span></p>
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/812Tr1YytSL.jpg
266300,"Item Name: Aura Cacia Pure Essential Oil, Patchouli, 0.5 Fluid Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Aura cacia pure essential oil patchouli
Bullet Point 2: 100% pure essential oil - sensualizing
Bullet Point 3: A widely used fixative in perfumes, patchouli's rich, earthy aroma provides an olfactory bridge between floral and herbaceous oils
Value: 0.5
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51wdYTDWBAL.jpg
202617,"Item Name: Cock n Bull Ginger Beer 12 Pack 10oz Soda Bottles - Ideal Mixer for Cocktails, Mocktails, and Bartenders - Premium Quality for Perfect Mixed Drinks - Refreshing Flavor Profile- Made In USA
Bullet Point 1: Ginger Beer: A bold, full flavor brewed for the mature palate. All-natural ingredients, real sugar, and ginger root extract give this English-style ginger beer its distinctive spicy fla-vor. A Hollywood classic that continues to add fans! Taste the heat! Great chilled on its own or in a Moscow Mule.
Bullet Point 2: Crafted in England by a passionate ginger enthusiast, Cock'n Bull Ginger Beer began as a quest for a beverage beyond the ordinary.
Bullet Point 3: Born out of necessity in America, Cock'n Bull Ginger Beer filled the void left by scarce ginger beer imports, becoming a staple for enthusiasts and bartenders alike.
Bullet Point 4: From its iconic role in the creation of the Moscow Mule to its ongoing legacy of fine products crafted from natural ingredients, Cock'n Bull remains a timeless symbol of tra-dition and taste.
Bullet Point 5: Available in Tonic Water, Club Soda, Ginger Beer, Diet Ginger Beer and Apple Ginger Beer
Bullet Point 6: Includes (12) 10oz Bottles, Phone and tablet holder and tasting notes/recipes.
Value: 10.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71LM3bFuizL.jpg
234007,"Item Name: Master Of Mixes Bloody Mary Mix, Alcohol Free, 33.8 Fluid Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Bullet Point: Master Of Mixes Bloody Mary Mix, Alcohol Free, 33.8 Fluid Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Value: 202.79999999999998
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71QIpqXoVgL.jpg
78684,"Item Name: The Tao of Tea, Lemongrass, Organic Herbal Tea, 3-Ounce Tin
Bullet Point 1: Refreshing, cool and crisp flavor. Spicy, lemony aroma.
Bullet Point 2: USDA Certified Organic
Bullet Point 3: Origin: Egypt
Bullet Point 4: Brews 50 Cups
Value: 3.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51zGk1MmbnL.jpg
42824,"Item Name: Paskesz Marsmallows - Naturally Fat Free 8oz (Pack Of 3)
Bullet Point: Soft and delicious marshmallows will melt in your mouth.
Product Description: These soft and delicious marshmallows contain only fish gelatin and once you try these Paskesz marshmallows your guaranteed to be back for more!
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71V83nM0tCL.jpg
128386,"Item Name: Protein One 90 Calorie Protein Bar, Chocolate Chip, 9.6 oz(us)
Bullet Point 1: 90 Calories, 10g of Protein, 1g of Sugar
Bullet Point 2: High Protein, Low Sugar
Bullet Point 3: Weight-management
Value: 9.6
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ouA-4zIEL.jpg
252965,"Item Name: Kewpie Mayonnaise Tube-Best of Americ, 17. 64 Fl Oz (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: Extra creamy texture
Bullet Point 2: Easy-to-squeeze tube
Bullet Point 3: Perfect for any mayonnaise recipe
Bullet Point 4: Product of Japan
Value: 17.64
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71XjJWSSMPL.jpg
277363,"Item Name: Chips Deluxe Cookies, Soft 'n Chewy, 16-Ounce Packages (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Pack of six, 16-ounce packages (total of 96 ounce)
Bullet Point 2: Golden cookie loaded with real chocolate chips ensure chocolate in every bite
Bullet Point 3: Trans fat free
Value: 96.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81FUhYL0h2L.jpg
54646,"Item Name: Craftmix Mint Mojito, Makes 12 Drinks, Rum Cocktail Mixers, Instant Skinny Cocktail and Mocktail Mix - Made With Real Fruit - Vegan Low-Carb, Low-Sugar, Non-GMO, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Easy to Mix
Bullet Point 1: Make the Perfect Mint Mojito - In 1 minute or less, impress your squad with the cool, tangy taste of real mint mojito. Craftmix drink mixers for cocktails are made with dehydrated lime juice for a balanced, authentic flavor every time.
Bullet Point 2: Instant Rum Cocktail Mixer - No more slicing and squeezing, leaf-picking, or juggling measuring cups. Just mix a shot of rum, 3 oz of sparkling or still water, and a packet of Craftmix. Add ice and you’re done.
Bullet Point 3: Low-Sugar, Low-Calorie Indulgence - While most cocktail mixers are chock full of artificial ingredients, Craftmix is truly guilt-free. These vegan cocktail mixers are fat free, dairy free, soy free, and gluten free with only 25 calories per drink.
Bullet Point 4: Add Craftmix to Your Cocktail or Mocktail Kit - Craftmix cocktail mixers are a no-brainer party favor. Your friends will love the super-cute packaging, health-conscious ingredients, and the convenience that only Craftmix can give.
Bullet Point 5: Delicious Cocktails Anywhere You Go - Our cocktail mixers come in pre-measured packets. Have a sip watching a game, camping, or just as a pick-me-up after work. You can also use Craftmix to make mocktails or other non-alcoholic drinks.
Value: 3.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/716coPy6VCL.jpg
149645,"Item Name: Organic Mixed Berries, 1 Pound — Non-GMO Dried Blueberries, Cranberries, and Tart Cherries, Kosher, Lightly Sweetened, Unsulfured, Bulk
Bullet Point 1: DELICIOUS HEALTHY SNACK: Our Organic Mixed Berries are full of fiber and essential nutrients. Gently Infused with Organic Sugar. Lightly Coated with Organic Sunflower Oil.
Bullet Point 2: BONE STRENGTH SUPPORT: Dried blueberries contain bone-strengthening minerals – calcium and vitamin K. BRAIN POWER BOOST: Blueberries are one of the proven ‘brain foods’ that ‘feed’ your cognitive ability.
Bullet Point 3: COPPER AND MANGANESE: Enjoy dried cherries to get a boost of essential minerals, including copper and iron.
Bullet Point 4: VITAMIN C AND IRON BOOST: Food To Live Organic Dried Cranberries give you a boost of these essential elements.
Bullet Point 5: DELICIOUS TREAT: Organic Mixed Berries can be used to make many delicious dishes, especially baked goods.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81bBM7B-O6L.jpg
206564,"Item Name: SAMYANG Buldak Korean Spicy Chicken Flavored Big Bowl Instant Noodle (2pk x 105g) - Try the Viral Fire Noodle Challenge!
Bullet Point 1: 🌶️ Intense Spicy Flavor: Brace yourself for the legendary heat of Samyang Buldak noodles, infused with the fiery kick of Korean spicy chicken flavor. Each mouthful delivers an explosion of bold and complex flavors that will leave you craving more, and perhaps reaching for a glass of milk!
Bullet Point 2: 🍜 Generous Big Bowl Size: Enjoy more of your favorite noodles with the generous portion size of Samyang Buldak Big Bowl Noodles. Its larger bowl ensures you'll have plenty to satisfy your hunger, making it the perfect choice for taking on the fiery challenge with friends or tackling solo.
Bullet Point 3: 🕒 Convenient Meal Option: Whether you're embarking on the fire noodle challenge with friends or simply craving a spicy kick, Samyang Buldak Big Bowl Noodles are the perfect solution for busy lifestyles. With its convenient packaging and quick cooking time, you can enjoy a delicious and satisfying meal in minutes, anytime, anywhere.
Bullet Point 4: 🍳 Customizable Options: Take your Samyang Buldak Big Bowl Noodles to the next level with customizable toppings! Add a fried egg or soft-boiled egg for extra richness, sprinkle with cheese and milk to make it creamy, or incorporate a protein source like chicken or bacon for added nutrition and flavor. The possibilities are endless!
Bullet Point 5: We bring the original, authentic fire noodles right at your door step!
Product Description: 🍜🔥 Samyang Buldak Korean Spicy Chicken Flavored Instant Big Bowl Noodles - Bold Flavor, Generous Size Prepare your taste buds for a fiery adventure with Samyang Buldak Korean Spicy Chicken Flavored Instant Big Bowl Noodles – a bold and satisfying noodle dish that's perfect for spice lovers on the go! Did you always want to try the viral fire noodle challenge but wasn't sure where to find these noodles? Here are they now for you to try out!!! Delivered right to your door!
Value: 7.4075
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81PJyLnrcCL.jpg
29321,"Item Name: Spry Berry Blast Xylitol Mints, Sugar-Free Candy for Oral Health, Dry Mouth, Saliva Production, Bad Breath, 45 Pieces (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: SUGAR FREE HARD CANDY: Instead of corn syrup or sugar our berry blast hard candy mints are made with 100% xylitol. Xylitol sweetener is derived from the fibrous parts of plants, similar in taste to regular organic sugar. We use no filler, flow agents or other sugar additives. Xylitol is a natural sugar that tastes just like real sugar and a great choice when looking for sweeteners and sugar alternatives.
Bullet Point 2: GREAT TASTE BERRY CANDY: Our sugar free mints are flavored with all natural ingredients to create a great all natural flavor that is irresistible and ideal for getting rid of bad breath. Our Spry mints are great breath fresheners for the office, in the car, after dinner mints, or to enjoy with friends.
Bullet Point 3: BAD BREATH TREATMENT: Use daily after meals and between normal brushes. For best results use Spry Mints with Spry Toothpaste and Spry Oral Rinse for a fresh breath. Give your children Spry sugar free berry blast hard candy instead of sugar-sweetened mints. No need to tell them it is good for their teeth. Make our mints candy your go-to xylitol candy!
Bullet Point 4: DENTIST RECOMENDED: Clinical studies have shown that the use of xylitol on a daily basis, may reduce the risk of tooth decay. Our spry gum is part of an essential dental defense system that may also help fight off cavities. Sweetened with 100% xylitol to help hydrate dry mouth and provide in-the-go oral care. Ask your dentist and hygienist about the amazing benefits of xylitol.
Bullet Point 5: LOW CALORIE & NON-GMO SUGARLESS CANDY: Our breath mints for bad breath are vegan safe, gluten free, non-gmo and sugar-free, No Artificial Colors, No Artificial Flavors! Natural ingredients eliminate the need to worry about eating aspartame or other chemicals
Value: 270.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81QRXwBka3L.jpg
193776,"Item Name: Bob's Red Mill Organic Flaxseed Meal, 16oz (Pack of 1) - Non GMO, Vegan, Paleo Friendly, Keto Friendly, Kosher
Bullet Point 1: ONE SIMPLE INGREDIENT, DELICIOUS POSSIBILITIES: Add the mild, nutty flavor and superior nutrition of organic ground flaxseed to hot cereal or yogurt, smoothies, baked goods and more; replace up to 25% of the flour in pancakes, muffins, cookies and more with Organic Brown Flaxseed Meal for extra nutrition and flavor
Bullet Point 2: COLD MILLED FOR FRESHNESS: Expertly ground with Bob’s Red Mill’s proprietary flax milling machinery to preserve the freshness of the flaxseed oil; slow and cool milling maintains the integrity of the wholesome nutrients in organic ground flax seeds
Bullet Point 3: RICH IN OMEGA-3S & GOOD SOURCE OF FIBER: Two tablespoons of Bob’s Red Mill Organic Brown Flaxseed Meal contains 2430 milligrams of omega-3 fatty acids (ALAs); 3 grams of filling fiber per serving
Bullet Point 4: CERTIFIED ORGANIC: Third-party certified organic by Quality Assurance International; grown and produced using methods established by the United States Department of Agriculture’s National Organic Program
Bullet Point 5: BOB'S RED MILL: Make folks a little happier: it’s the idea that keeps our stone mills grinding to fill every bag with wholesome goodness
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91WpLQ3hq0L.jpg
60214,"Item Name: Sensible Portions Garden Veggie Puffs Variety Pack, 0.5 Ounce (Pack of 36)
Product Description: 
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Ae4wWHhWL.jpg
133606,"Item Name: Chefmaster Leaf Green Liqua-Gel® Food Coloring | Vibrant Color | Professional-Grade Dye for Icing, Frosting, Fondant | Baking & Decorating | Fade-Resistant | Easy-to-Use | Made in USA | 10.5 oz
Bullet Point 1: Eye-Catching Color Premium blends add vivid, rich, fade-resistant, true-to-shade colors that are made specially for your baking and cake decorating. Our assortment of soft gel food coloring includes a rainbow of hues from neon, pastel, primary, and more. Mix our gels for a seemingly limitless color palette!
Bullet Point 2: Infinite Applications Let your creativity flow with colored icings, fondants, gum pastes, batters, cake frostings, and more. Amuse your kids with bright blue pancakes, join in the process of making slime, arts and crafts.
Bullet Point 3: Quality Ingredients Liqua-Gel food coloring is gluten-free, certified kosher, vegan-friendly, and halal. Our professional grade formula provides the tint you want without altering the taste, texture, or consistency of your finished baked goods.
Bullet Point 4: Highly Concentrated Liqua-Gel Each drop provides high impact, vibrant color. With a flip top lid and no-drip squeeze bottle, you can easily control the number of drops added.
Bullet Point 5: Manufactured in the USA With over 85 years of experience in coloring food products and overall, 120 years in the bakery industry, we pride ourselves on formulating blends to meet your one-of-a-kind creations. Our Chefmaster collection is made in Fullerton, CA.
Product Description: Let your imagination run wild with our high-quality Liqua-Gel Food Colorings! Chefmaster offers brilliant, fade-resistant hues in neon, pastel, primary, and more. Blend your own shades for a full spectrum of colors. These gels are an ideal choice for icing, frosting, fondant, and batter. Our professional-grade formula is gluten-free, certified kosher, vegan-friendly, and halal. Food-safe ingredients provide the concentrated color you want without changing the taste, texture, or consistency of your baked goods.
Value: 10.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61P0s1ZVz3L.jpg
95844,"Item Name: Starbucks K-Cup Coffee Pods, Dark Roast Coffee, Sumatra for Keurig Brewers, 100% Arabica, 6 boxes (60 pods total)
Bullet Point 1: PREMIUM COFFEE IN KEURIG K-CUPS—Starbucks delivers exceptional coffee cup after cup with Sumatra dark roast coffee K-Cups—60 total coffee pods for Keurig coffee makers
Bullet Point 2: STARBUCKS SINGLE-ORIGIN SUMATRA COFFEE—This full-bodied single-origin dark coffee has notes of rich herbs and rustic spice
Bullet Point 3: FRESH TASTE—Starbucks adheres to the highest quality standards—shipping you the same carefully roasted 100% arabica coffee beans we brew in our cafés
Bullet Point 4: MAKE IT YOUR OWN—Whether you like black coffee or adding personal touches of inspiration, like milk, cream, syrup or a variety of other additions, Starbucks is the perfect everyday coffee you can make your own
Bullet Point 5: ETHICALLY SOURCED—Starbucks is committed to 100% ethical coffee sourcing in partnership with Conservation International
Value: 60.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81X2xhZjRuL.jpg
75072,"Item Name: Betty Crocker GINGERBREAD Cake & Cookie Mix 14.5oz (9 Pack)
Value: 130.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81q9HjmdnYL.jpg
71643,"Item Name: Tate's Bake Shop Ginger Zinger Cookies, Gluten Free, 7 Oz (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point: Tate's Bake Shop Ginger Zinger Cookies, Gluten Free, 7 Oz (Pack of 6)
Value: 42.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81PCefESedL.jpg
297677,"Item Name: TRADITIONAL MEDICINALS TEA,OG2,EVRYDY DETOX LEM, 16 BAG
Value: 16.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51riq3iOASL.jpg
298180,"Item Name: Hime Seasoned Fried Bean Curd (Inarizushi-No-Moto) (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Net Wt. 10 oz.
Bullet Point 2: Traditional Japanese soy wrappers
Product Description: Inarizushi is a form of sushi that stuffs the vinegared rice into teriyaki-seasoned pouches of deep fried tofu.
Value: 40.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61bH+ckcXiL.jpg
267622,"Item Name: Wrigley's Doublemint Sugarfree Chewing Gum, Single Pack (15 Pieces)
Bullet Point 1: Item Package Length: 1.4cm
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Width: 6.2cm
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Height: 7.9cm
Bullet Point 4: Model Number: 1735
Value: 15.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61c6ikI6ahL.jpg
129731,"Item Name: PAPYRUS Flower Stroller Card, 1 EA
Product Description: Lifestyle
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41IC0uI7gPL.jpg
72776,"Item Name: Big Dot of Happiness Holy Nativity - Manger Scene Religious Christmas Clear Goodie Favor Bags - Treat Bags With Tags - Set of 12
Bullet Point 1: Holy Nativity Treat Bags with Tags INCLUDES 12 clear goodie favor bags that will look excellent at your Manger Scene Religious Christmas party. Each gusseted clear bag SIZE measures 3.75” wide x 9.75” tall with To/From gift tags that measure 3.5” wide x 2.75” tall and comes with 18” of pre-cut satin ribbon.
Bullet Point 2: GOODIE BAGS: Perfect for small treats, homemade baked goods, and bize-sized candies, the Holy Nativity Treat Bags with Tags can be filled with an assortment of goodies for your celebration. Gusseted bags are also great for gifting small accessories, trinkets, and handcrafted party favors.
Bullet Point 3: EASY ASSEMBLY: Holy Nativity clear treat bags require some easy assembly. Prepare to personalize each treat gift bag by writing on the To/From section on the backside of the round gift tags. Then, place your goodies inside the clear plastic bag. Finally, attach the tag to the bag by tying it with the included satin ribbon and finishing it off with a bow.
Bullet Point 4: HIGH-QUALITY SUPPLY: Holy Nativity Tags are professionally printed double-sided on heavy-duty cardstock paper with a photo-like shine. Clear gusseted treat bags are food safe and come with pre-cut satin ribbons for easy assembly. Holy Nativity clear treat bags with tags are individually inspected and then carefully packaged.
Bullet Point 5: ASSEMBLED IN THE USA: Holy Nativity Treat Bags with Tags are designed and manufactured at our Wisconsin facility using materials that are Made in the USA - Bags and Ribbon Made in China.
Product Description: Gifting goodies is easier than ever with the Holy Nativity Treat Bags with Tags. Simple and fun, these clear treat bags are the perfect party favors for your Manger Scene Religious Christmas party and will certainly delight all your guests. To use, start out by filling the gusseted plastic bags with goodies like homemade treats, fun-sized candies, or small accessories. Then, personalize each gift tag by writing on the To/From section on the back of the tag. Next, attach the tags to the clear bag using the satin ribbon and finish it off by tying the ribbon into a bow. Holy Nativity Tags are professionally printed double-sided on sturdy cardstock paper and measure to be 3.5” wide by 2.75” tall. The gusseted clear treat bags measure 3.75” wide by 9.75” tall and are great goodie bags. Excellent for display at your dessert table, surprise your guests when you use the Holy Nativity Treat Bags with Tags at your celebration.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71pTMdxZANL.jpg
286221,"Item Name: RITZ Toasted Chips Sour Cream and Onion Crackers, Bulk Lunch Snacks, 60 Snack Packs
Bullet Point 1: Sixty 1.75 oz snack packs of RITZ Sour Cream and Onion Toasted Chips (packaging may vary)
Bullet Point 2: Toasted, not fried, and packed with the taste of sour cream and onion making them great for dipping and snacking
Bullet Point 3: Crispy, crunchy twist on classic RITZ crackers and a great alternative to traditional crackers or sour cream and onion chips
Bullet Point 4: These toasted crunchy chips have 40 percent less fat per 30g serving than leading fried potato chips
Bullet Point 5: A crunchy snack for home, work, school or serve at your next BBQ, picnic, as part of a holiday charcuterie board or tailgate
Value: 105.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81X+gfEpwGL.jpg
93467,"Item Name: CHIPS AHOY! Original Chocolate Chip Cookies, Family Size, 18.2 oz
Bullet Point 1: One 182 oz, family size package of CHIPS AHOY! Original Chocolate Chip Cookies
Bullet Point 2: Snack cookies loaded with real chocolate chips
Bullet Point 3: Baked to have the perfect amount of crunch
Bullet Point 4: Enjoy these CHIPS AHOY! cookies as a treat at school, work or home
Bullet Point 5: Perfect for sharing with friends and family or enjoying on your own
Value: 18.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81gVDZ6wqwL.jpg
173148,"Item Name: Kernel Season's Popcorn Seasoning Mini Jars Variety Pack, 0.9 Ounce (Pack of 8)
Bullet Point 1: Variety is the spice of life! Try out all Kernel Season’s Popcorn Seasoning has to offer with 8 mini shakers. Flavors include: White Cheddar, Nacho Cheddar, Ranch, Butter, Kettle Corn, Caramel Corn, Bacon Cheddar, and Cheesy Jalapeno
Bullet Point 2: With only 2 calories per serving Kernel Season’s popcorn seasonings are an easy and low calorie way to shake up the flavor of your favorite snack, veggies, pasta and oatmeal
Bullet Point 3: 31 servings per jar, ¼ tsp per serving
Bullet Point 4: Certified Gluten Free and Kosher
Bullet Point 5: Proudly made in the US
Value: 7.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71BxY3QBtlL.jpg
143720,"Item Name: French Vanilla Decaf Black Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 531740) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our French Vanilla Decaf Black Tea is a wonderful flavored decaffeinated Black tea with Elderfowers and Hazelnuts. You will enjoy the simple and elegant French Vanilla taste! - Ingredients: Decaf Black tea, Elderfowers, Hazelnuts and Natural French vanilla Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Black Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our French Vanilla Decaf Black Tea is a wonderful flavored decaffeinated Black tea with Elderfowers and Hazelnuts. You will enjoy the simple and elegant French Vanilla taste! - Ingredients: Decaf Black tea, Elderfowers, Hazelnuts and Natural French vanilla Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Vj+KzNGSL.jpg
52592,"Item Name: Iberia Mayo Ketchup 10 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: QUINTESSENTIAL CONDIMENT: Mixing tangy and sharp ketchup with creamy mayonnaise - Iberia Mayo Ketchup is a new fan favorite.
Bullet Point 2: ENDLESS POSSIBILITIES: A classic condiment ideal for dipping tostones, fritters, french fries, chicken tenders and just about anything you use ketchup for.
Bullet Point 3: NON GMO - GLUTEN FREE - BPA FREE - 16 TOTAL CARBS PER SERVING
Bullet Point 4: BULK SUPPLY: 6 x 10 ounce squeezable bottles
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61Mvk-UWRAL.jpg
225085,"Item Name: barkTHINS Snacking Dark Chocolate, Almond with Sea Salt, 4.7 Ounce (Pack of 2)
Value: 9.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81SGXpsRG6L.jpg
213670,"Item Name: Pop-Tarts Girl Scout Toaster Pastries, Breakfast Foods, Kids Snacks, Frosted Thin Mints, 13.5oz Box (8 Pop-Tarts)
Bullet Point 1: Delicious Pop Tarts Frosted Thin Mints toaster pastries, inspired by the beloved Girl Scout Cookies, are the perfect classic, indulgent treat
Bullet Point 2: Inspired by the iconic Girl Scout Cookie, discover the delicious chocolately pastry crust, mint chocolatey filling, and smooth frosting
Bullet Point 3: Good source of 3 B vitamins; Contains wheat and soy ingredients
Bullet Point 4: A travel-ready food great for a breakfast treat, after-school snack, or on-the-go moment; Enjoy from the pouch, or warm in the toaster or microwave
Bullet Point 5: Includes 1, 13.5oz box containing 8 toaster pastries, 4 pouches total, 2 pastries per pouch
Value: 13.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81H-P6+CycL.jpg
142420,"Item Name: Strawberry Rooibos Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 530921) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Strawberry Rooibos Tea is a delightful flavored Rooibos tea with Strawberry Leaf that you will really enjoy! - Ingredients: Rooibos tea, Strawberries, Strawberry Leaf and natural Strawberry Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Rooibos Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Strawberry Rooibos Tea is a delightful flavored Rooibos tea with Strawberry Leaf that you will really enjoy! - Ingredients: Rooibos tea, Strawberries, Strawberry Leaf and natural Strawberry Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and to look for new ways to serve you and the ones you love. TerraV
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81XDBSXQ3LL.jpg
1008,"Item Name: French's Sweet & Smoky Barbecue Mustard Dipping Sauce, 12 oz 8 Count (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: Made with premium mustard seeds, and molasses, tomato paste and spices
Bullet Point 2: Sweet-smoky barbecue and mild mustard flavor
Bullet Point 3: Smooth, thinner texture is perfect for dipping
Bullet Point 4: No artificial flavors, no colors from artificial sources
Bullet Point 5: No high fructose corn syrup
Bullet Point 6: Ultimate dipping sauce for chicken, pretzels, French fries
Bullet Point 7: Recipe tip: Brush on grilled chicken for sweet-smoky mustard flavor
Value: 96.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71PDdWywlRL.jpg
128631,"Item Name: Colonial Coffee Packets, Pre Ground Coffee Packs, Signature Breakfast Blend Medium Roast, Bulk Single Pot Bags for Drip Coffee Makers (2.5 oz Bags, Pack of 32)
Bullet Point 1: 【EASY SINGLE-POT BREWING】 Simplify your coffee preparation with convenient premeasured pouches. Designed for freshness and optimal flavor, they work seamlessly with commercial brewers, pots, and urns to deliver the perfect pot of coffee every time.
Bullet Point 2: 【SIGNATURE 'BREAKFAST BLEND'】 Crafted to evoke the beauty of Central and South America, this aromatic, hearty blend delivers a smooth finish for coffee lovers with refined tastes.
Bullet Point 3: 【GOURMET MEDIUM ROAST】 Enjoy a well-balanced medium roast with a bold yet smooth flavor. Rich, full-bodied coffee perfect for drinking black or with cream and sugar.
Bullet Point 4: 【IDEAL FOR COMMERCIAL USE】 Available in 32, 60, or 100 count boxes, these coffee packs are food-service friendly and work with airpot dispensers and thermal machines. Perfect for offices, cafes, restaurants, and hospitality.
Bullet Point 5: 【ROASTED & PACKED IN THE USA】 Proudly roasted and packed by Colonial Coffee Roasters in Miami, FL, a family-owned business since 1945 with a legacy of expertise and tradition.
Product Description: Ground-coffee
Value: 80.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81B4XGlgCRL.jpg
44224,"Item Name: Amy & Brian, Water Coconut No Pulp Single, 17.5 Fl Oz
Bullet Point 1: Made with just coconut water
Bullet Point 2: Non-GMO project verified and 100% natural ingredients with no preservatives
Bullet Point 3: One 17.5 ounce can of original coconut water
Bullet Point 4: Refreshing and rich in electrolytes such as magnesium, potassium, and calcium
Bullet Point 5: See nutrition facts panel for allergens
Product Description: Amy & brian's original coconut water comes in a 17.5 ounce can with two 8 ounce servings, each with 56 calories and 12 grams of sugar. We use 2 simple ingredients: coconut water and young coconut pulp, both which are Non-GMO project verified. Our ingredients are 100% natural and we never use preservatives. Our coconut water can hydrate and it's loaded with vitamins and minerals. See nutrition facts panel for allergens.
Value: 17.5
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71zZJdtTVJL.jpg
16363,"Item Name: Fresh Roasted Coffee, Fog Kicker, 2 lb (32 oz), Light Roast, Kosher, Whole Bean
Bullet Point 1: OU KOSHER certified; Sustainably sourced and proudly roasted, blended, and packaged in the USA
Bullet Point 2: Coffee is roasted in our environmentally friendly coffee roaster
Bullet Point 3: Mild Body, Light Roast,Artisan Blend
Bullet Point 4: COFFEE FOR EVERYBODY - sustainably sourced and Proudly Roasted, Blended, and Packaged in USA
Product Description: Fresh Roasted Coffee Fog Kicker Artisan Blend Coffee Cupping Notes: Caramel, Clean, Mild Cherry Our Fog Kicker blend is a remarkable combination of several single origin, lightly roasted coffees from across the world. This perfectly balanced blend is guaranteed to lift the spirits and start the day on a high note.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/518uEWTs7PL.jpg
64551,"Item Name: Pastabilities Organic Pasta for Kids - Princess Shaped - Princess & Castle Fun Theme, Family Size Serves 4, Non-GMO Natural Wheat Pasta, All-Natural, Kosher Certified, Made in the USA, (6 Pack, 11 Oz)
Bullet Point 1: FUN SHAPES KIDS LOVE TO EAT princess shaped pasta that’s easy to make and fun to serve, your kids will gobble them up
Bullet Point 2: HIGHEST QUALITY INGREDIENTS our pasta for kids is made with 100% organic durum wheat and pieces that are the perfect bite size
Bullet Point 3: MADE THE OLD-WORLD ITALIAN WAY using bronze dies and slow drying, creating a porous texture and more delicious taste
Bullet Point 4: CERTIFIED ORGANIC our naturally vegan organic pasta noodles are Non GMO and made in the USA
Bullet Point 5: FUN PASTA SHAPES FOR EVERYONE from animal shaped pasta, sports, holidays, and more, our shapes are perfect for any occasion and craft projects too
Product Description: Organic Pasta O yes! A lot of our pasta is made with organic flour and organic ancient grains. We manufacture with organic durum flour, organic spelt, and organic sprouted wheat flour. And, we’re AOK with the GOA! We are certified with the Global Organic Alliance, an independently owned and operated company that certifies food and fiber as organic. We know you value quality ingredients…and so do we! Kids love Dinosaurs! These bite-size Dinosaur noodles are perfect for little hands – they’ll gobble them all up! Now in a 2, 4, and 6 PACK! (11 oz. Box, Serves 4) Serve healthy and fun meals at the dinner table! Ingredients: Organic durum wheat flour Contains wheat. Certified by GOA.
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/7176NbzX0fL.jpg
217996,"Item Name: 6666 Four Sixes Smoky Maple Seasoning, 6.7 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point: This sweet hickory maple blend, a perfect complement to any grub needing some extra flavor, including baked beans and sweet potatoes.
Value: 40.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71-JuuDlNuL.jpg
262406,"Item Name: Hunt's Manwich Sloppy Joe Sauce, 15 oz Can (Pack of 16)
Bullet Point 1: Low calorie.
Bullet Point 2: Low cholesterol.
Bullet Point 3: Low fat.
Bullet Point 4: Manwich sauce is low in saturated fat.
Product Description: Make a meal that the whole family will love with Manwich Original Sloppy Joe Sauce. It is low in fat and cholesterol. This low calorie sauce is a classic favorite at the dinner table.
Value: 240.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81pWDcaSUWL.jpg
165161,"Item Name: Rodelle Organics Pure Vanilla Extract, 4 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Organic
Bullet Point 2: Produced from the high-quality Bourbon Vanilla Beans
Value: 4.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ijaV01AOL.jpg
238864,"Item Name: Beulah's Gummy Blue Raspberry Rings, 2 Pound Package, 120 Pieces, Bulk Candy, Raspberry Gummi Candy
Bullet Point 1: Blue and white gummy rings
Bullet Point 2: Sugar coated
Bullet Point 3: Sweet and sour
Product Description: Experience a sweet-and-sour sensation with Blue Raspberry Rings. These chewy gummi rings are infused with the bold taste of blue raspberry and finished with a tart sugar coating. The combination of soft texture and tangy flavor makes them an irresistible treat for both kids and adults. Buy this sweet, sugar coated treat from Beulah's Candyland today!
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/712kHvUXpUL.jpg
227930,"Item Name: Gummi Sanded Easter Eggs Fruit Flavors bulk gummy Easter Candy 2 pound
Product Description: Fresh, soft Gummi Sanded Multi-colored Easter Eggs. This listing is for a bulk 2 pound bag of Gummi Sugar-Sanded Easter Eggs.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81-2MXRNc8L.jpg
77202,"Item Name: Triple Leaf Tea Green Dieters Herbal (Pack of 2)
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81AGFbMz5vL.jpg
193685,"Item Name: 4C Premium Gluten Free Bread Crumbs, Plain 6 Pack, Regular & Gluten Free, Flavorful Crispy Crunchy, Value Pack
Bullet Point 1: GLUTEN FREE – 4C Gluten Free Crumbs are made with rice flour, the perfect way to enjoy your favorite foods again!
Bullet Point 2: LIGHT & CRISPY – These fantastic, crunchy Gluten Free Crumbs are delicious when used plain or seasoned with your custom blend of herbs & spices. We've perfected the crunch to texture ratio so each bite will have the right amount of crisp & crunch!
Bullet Point 3: CERTIFIED – The Gluten Free Certifying Organization has given these their stamp of approval: Certified Gluten Free.
Bullet Point 4: VALUE BUNDLE – 6-Pack Bulk batch of fresh, high quality crumbs. Perfect for stocking your pantry, big parties, small restaurants, and always having them to cook with!
Bullet Point 5: EXPERTS IN TASTE - 4C have been experts in quality foods and crumbs, dating back to 1935! As a family-owned business, we take pride in the premium quality offerings we create and share with the world.
Product Description: 4C Foods is a family owned business since 1935 that is steeped in their founding tradition of offering only the highest quality products and understanding the needs of the American family. This is why 4C Foods is continually creating and innovating new products to satisfy the needs of the consumer, while maintaining the highest quality and remaining sensitive to the buying power of the average family. When other companies are focused on the selling their brand, 4C Foods keeps their eye on making the best products at the best prices. We strongly believe that satisfying the needs of the consumer will translate into a loyal 4C Foods customer.
Value: 72.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/711SNJTYGyL.jpg
114683,"Item Name: GHOST Energy Drink - 12-Pack, Tropical Mango, 16oz Cans - Energy & Focus & No Artificial Colors - 200mg of Natural Caffeine, L-Carnitine & Taurine - Gluten-Free & Vegan
Bullet Point 1: Feel Good Energy: GHOST Energy is the fully transparent, fully loaded energy drink we’ve all been waiting for. Authentic Flavors. Zero Sugars.* No BS. Tropical Mango flavor. 12-pack case contains 16oz cans. Only intended for persons 18 years or older. *GHOST Energy is low in calories.
Bullet Point 2: Legendary Energy: This drink contains 200mg of Natural Caffeine from coffee beans, which has been found anecdotally to deliver a smooth, feel-good energy with less jitters and no crash when compared to other forms of caffeine.*
Bullet Point 3: Epic Focus*: GHOST Energy combines the nootropics of Carnipure L-Carnitine, Alpha-GPC, Neurofactor, and AstraGin to help your body convert fatty acids into energy, support brain and cognitive function, and absorb a wide range of nutrients.*
Bullet Point 4: Total Transparency: All GHOST products feature a transparent label that fully discloses the dose of each active ingredient. Zero proprietary blends means you know what you’re getting in each and every sip. GHOST Energy is vegan friendly, gluten free, and contains zero sugars.* *GHOST Energy is low in calories.
Bullet Point 5: Perfect Energy and Focus Combo: GHOST Energy is a full disclosure energy drink that delivers on efficacy and the info to ensure you know exactly what you're getting in every can. Combining 200mg of natural caffeine with nootropics to deliver the perfect combo of energy and focus.*
Value: 192.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ZOkYhUxNL.jpg
197108,"Item Name: Chicken Grill Seasoning by It's Delish, (Large Jar)
Bullet Point 1: PREMIUM Gourmet Chicken Grill Seasoning
Bullet Point 2: 1 lb 2 lbs 5 lbs 10 lbs VALUE SIZE Bulk bag Its Delish brand
Bullet Point 3: TASTE & HEALTH Enhance your culinary experience with hearty flavor, bold taste and vibrant aroma
Bullet Point 4: CHEF MASTER! On the grill or in the kitchen, a must have for your meats, poultry, fish and veggies
Bullet Point 5: QUALITY Certified Kosher OU Made in the USA Order from the factory direct!
Product Description: Fire up your grill! Its Delish makes top of the line world class in house spice blends and seasonings. Be sure to try all our varieties for every type of cooking, roasting and grilling you do. Wether in a convenient plastic jar or in a value by-the-pound bag, you""ll finish it up and come back for more! <p></p>It's Delish was established in 1992 and is located in North Hollywood, California. It's Delish is a food manufacturer and distributor who produces over 500 gourmet food products including licorice, sour belts, taffies, caramels, Jordan almonds, chocolates, nuts, fruits, trail mixes, spices, and the spice blends. It's Delish also produces organics and all natural products. We give you the oppertunity to order from the factory direct!<p></p>It’s Delish! prides itself on the four pillars that are at the foundation of everything we do.<p></p>Innovation Quality Value Service
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/912D1wzxFXL.jpg
200477,"Item Name: Taylor Farms Caesar Salad with Chicken 6.25 oz
Product Description: Fresh Prepared Deli Chicken Salads
Value: 6.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91NC00p2Y7L.jpg
144035,"Item Name: Lychee Rooibos Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 531605)
Bullet Point 1: Our Lychee Rooibos Tea is a delightful flavored Rooibos tea with Goji Berries and Cornflower that you will really enjoy! The unique Lychee aroma and taste is a delight! - Ingredients: Rooibos tea, Goji Berries, Cornflower and Natural Lychee Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Rooibos Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Lychee Rooibos Tea is a delightful flavored Rooibos tea with Goji Berries and Cornflower that you will really enjoy! The unique Lychee aroma and taste is a delight! - Ingredients: Rooibos tea, Goji Berries, Cornflower and Natural Lychee Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and to look for new
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81dIUxu3OJL.jpg
281994,"Item Name: Red Star Active Dry Yeast, 3 Count
Bullet Point: Red Star Active Dry Yeast, 3 Count
Value: 0.75
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81oNyn5kzvL.jpg
63221,"Item Name: Oats Overnight Smores - Overnight Oats with 22g Protein, High Fiber Breakfast Protein Shake - Gluten Free Oatmeal, Non GMO High Protein Oatmeal (2.8 oz per meal) (16 Pack)
Bullet Point 1: ZERO MORNING PREP - Mix one pack of Oats Overnight with your choice of milk substitute (or traditional milk) the night before and place in the fridge so you can grab and go in the morning. Ditch the spoon and enjoy this premium oatmeal directly from the BlenderBottle (sold separately), perfect for your morning commute.
Bullet Point 2: CERTIFIED GLUTEN FREE, KOSHER, NO ERYTHRITOL, NON-GMO - Made with certified gluten free 100% whole grain oats, real cocoa, marshmallow bits, maple sugar, chia seeds, flaxseed, Himalayan pink salt, and premium protein makes Oats Overnight the best-tasting oatmeal on the market.
Bullet Point 3: NUTRITIOUS START TO YOUR DAY - Each serving contains 22g of protein and 6g of fiber (or more!). An easy start to your morning and helps keep you full.
Bullet Point 4: 22G OF LEAN PROTEIN - This is the perfect nutritious breakfast or post-workout recovery option.
Bullet Point 5: S'MORES FOR BREAKFAST - Give in to your sweet tooth each morning without the guilt. This superfood-loaded, protein-packed breakfast will fuel you for hours.
Product Description: Oats Overnight - S'mores oatmeal is the perfect overnight oats breakfast solution for those who are always on the go. With zero morning prep, you can mix one pack of Oats Overnight with your choice of milk substitute (or traditional milk) the night before and place it in the fridge so you can grab and go in the morning with the protein shaker bottle. Ditch the spoon and enjoy this premium oats overnight shake directly from the BlenderBottle (not included), perfect for your morning commute. Oats Overnight S'mores protein shake is a certified gluten-free, kosher, non-GMO oatmeal that is made with marshmallow bits, cocoa, maple sugar, Himalayan pink salt, and whey protein. This combination of ingredients makes it the best-tasting high protein oatmeal on the market. Each serving contains 20g of protein and is high in fiber, providing an easy start to your morning and helps keep you full for the perfect protein breakfast. With 20g of gluten free oatmeal, it’s also the perfect nutritious overnight oats ready to eat protein oats breakfast or post-workout rolled oats recovery option. Order now and enjoy the convenience of a nutritious oats over night breakfast that’s ready when you are!
Value: 44.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/813sUgYvx5L.jpg
269260,"Item Name: Purple Grape Gourmet Flavored Cotton Candy – Unique Idea for Holidays, Birthdays, Gag Gifts, Party Favors
Bullet Point 1: At only 130 calories per tub, this sweet treat will satisfy any sweet tooth.
Bullet Point 2: This colorful tub of purple grape cotton candy will be the perfect complement to the color scheme at your next party whether it be a birthday, anniversary (cotton is symbolic of the 2nd wedding anniversary), bachelorette, bridal or childrens' party.
Bullet Point 3: Each tub contains 1.2 oz. and is 5.5 inches tall (the size of a 32 oz.container)
Bullet Point 4: Cotton candy brings back memories of strolling around a carnival or fair and enjoying a fresh treat. But, it also can be messy when served on a cone. This tub makes it easy to snack on a handful whenever you feel the urge. Just be sure to cover with the lid between snacks.
Bullet Point 5: This is the perfect gift for anyone in your life with a sweet tooth of all ages from children to grandparents. We handcraft each flavor in our gourmet cotton candy collection which has over 50 flavors.
Product Description: Our Grape Cotton Candy can be described in one word: Happiness. The fresh grape taste combines with your childhood memories to create a magical experience. 1 tub.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71zsMXpLJoL.jpg
284873,"Item Name: Pirate's Booty Snack Puffs, Aged White Cheddar, 1 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: All natural
Bullet Point 2: Trans-Fat Free
Bullet Point 3: Wheat & Gluten Free
Bullet Point 4: Baked, low fat snack
Value: 1.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81eP42vZV1L.jpg
94407,"Item Name: Family Size Marshalls Creek Spices Cajun No Salt Seasoning, 44 Ounce …
Bullet Point 1: Marshalls Creek Spices buys in small quantities and packs weekly providing the freshest spices possible. Fresher spices means more flavor and a longer shelf life.
Bullet Point 2: No Fillers - No MSG
Bullet Point 3: All Natural & Kosher
Bullet Point 4: Flat Rate Shipping Per Order. No Limit
Product Description: Ingredients, garlic, paprika, cayenne, pepper, onion
Value: 44.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81B6JPMRw3L.jpg
243579,"Item Name: Munk Pack Caramel Sea Salt Keto Nut & Seed Bar, Plant-Based, 5g Protein, Low Sugar, Kosher, Gluten Free & Non-GMO, 4 Bars, 4.92 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point: Munk Pack Caramel Sea Salt Keto Nut & Seed Bar, Plant-Based, 5g Protein, Low Sugar, Kosher, Gluten Free & Non-GMO, 4 Bars, 4.92 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Value: 29.52
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/714uBNVmWML.jpg
51262,"Item Name: Food to Live Navy Beans, 3 Pounds Raw, Dried, Vegan, Kosher, Whole Small White Kidney Beans in Bulk, Good Source of Protein, Fiber, Folate, and Copper. Low Sodium. Great for Cooking and Soups
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ PREMIUM QUALITY: Food to Live’s Navy Beans are premium quality. They’re Raw, and suitable for vegan and vegetarian diets.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️ PRODUCT OF USA: Navy Beans by Food to Live are grown and packaged in USA.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️ RICH IN PLANT PROTEIN: ½ cup of cooked Navy Beans contain almost 8g of protein that’s easy to digest.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️ HIGHLY NUTRITIOUS: Premium Quality Navy Beans from Food to Live are rich in Iron, Magnesium, Copper, Folate, and B vitamins. Moreover, they’re low in fats and high in Dietary Fiber.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️ VERSATILE & DELICIOUS: Due to their mildly creamy flavor, Navy Beans are perfect for soups, salads, dips, stews, pies, hummus and chilis.
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81fO7MubO0L.jpg
115285,"Item Name: Rawmio Chocolate Hazelnut Spread, 6 oz. Jar, 6 Serving per Jar - Raw, Organic, Vegan, Gluten-Free
Bullet Point 1: Our original Rawmio spread is for dark chocolate enthusiasts who appreciate its stone-ground, raw, and non-gluten nature. It contains no added salt or oils and comes in a glass jar with 20+ hazelnuts and 6-8 servings per jar.
Bullet Point 2: We use whole hazelnuts, not just pieces or powder, and sweeten them with unrefined Balinese coconut sugar, which has a lower glycemic index than regular sugar. It contains natural minerals and antioxidants, making it a healthier option.
Bullet Point 3: Enjoy Rawmio on chocolate, fruits, berries, crepes, fondue, or ice cream. You can even make instant hot chocolate by adding a heaping tablespoon of hot water. This can be entertaining and add a gourmet touch to any dessert.
Bullet Point 4: At our certified organic, raw, and vegan facility, we prioritize the highest standards in food processing. We exclusively handle tree nuts and seeds to guarantee our products' utmost care and exceptional quality.
Bullet Point 5: This Chocolate Hazelnut Spread is made by Rawmio. It's USDA Organic, vegan, kosher, raw, gluten-free, soy-free, flour-free, Non-GMO and dairy-free.
Product Description: Experience the Rich Flavor of Rawmio Chocolate Hazelnut Spread. Treat yourself to a handmade, raw vegan delight that's also good for your health. Made with just three simple, organic ingredients - raw hazelnuts, Peruvian cacao nibs, and coconut sugar - it's a creamy and versatile spread that doesn’t contain palm oil, refined sugar, and dairy. Our spread is made with the finest raw almonds, cashews, and hemp seeds that are carefully stone-ground. Sprouted chia seeds, goji berries, and a pinch of Himalayan salt are added to boost superfood nutrition. Nourish your body while indulging your taste buds with this perfect blend of powerful nutrition, smooth texture, and rich flavor. Kid-approved!
Value: 6.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61akteG8aLL.jpg
247763,"Item Name: Carozzi 5 Spaghetti Authentic Italian-Style Premium Pasta- Box with 12-1 lb Pack - Ideal for Classic & Gourmet Recipes, Non-GMO, Vegan-Friendly, Perfect Al Dente Texture
Bullet Point 1: Authentic Italian-Style Culinary Experience: Enjoy the rich, traditional flavors of Italy with Carozzi 5 Spaghetti, crafted following age-old methods for an authentic taste.
Bullet Point 2: Superior Quality Durum Wheat Semolina: Expertly made using the finest durum wheat for a consistently perfect al dente texture in every bite, suitable for a wide range of sauces.
Bullet Point 3: Ideal for Versatile Cooking: From traditional spaghetti Bolognese to innovative gourmet dishes, this pasta is your go-to choice for culinary creativity and experimentation.
Bullet Point 4: Conveniently Sized 1 lb Package: Specially packaged to retain freshness, this size is ideal for family meals, ensuring you always have the perfect amount for your recipes.
Bullet Point 5: Quick and Easy Preparation: Achieve outstanding results in just 8-10 minutes of boiling, making it an excellent choice for busy weeknights or leisurely weekend dinners.
Product Description: Discover the true essence of Italian cuisine with Carozzi 5 Spaghetti. Each 1 lb package is a testament to the tradition and quality that Carozzi has been delivering for generations. Our spaghetti is made from the highest quality durum wheat semolina, ensuring a deliciously firm texture that holds up against both hearty and delicate sauces. Whether you're a professional chef or a home cook, Carozzi 5 Spaghetti makes it easy to bring authentic Italian flavors to your table. Its versatile nature allows for endless culinary creativity, from a comforting spaghetti carbonara to a refreshing summer pasta salad. Cooking Carozzi 5 Spaghetti is straightforward and rewarding. It achieves the perfect al dente texture in just 8-10 minutes, making it a reliable choice for quick weeknight dinners or elaborate weekend feasts. Embrace the Italian way of life with each bite of Carozzi 5 Spaghetti. It's not just pasta; it's a journey to the heart of Italy's culinary tradition. Suitable for vegan diets and free from GMOs, this spaghetti is a wholesome choice for any meal. Bring home the taste of Italy today with Carozzi 5 Spaghetti.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71GRpgNFQ3L.jpg
298054,"Item Name: Seitenbacher Muesli #4 Nut Lovers, 16 Ounce, Pack of 6
Bullet Point 1: Gourmet Mix Natural Muesli Cereal
Bullet Point 2: GMO free
Bullet Point 3: A good source of protein and fiber
Bullet Point 4: Contains no artificial flavors or colors
Bullet Point 5: The best natural German grain
Value: 96.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61wMLB3i6ML.jpg
275947,"Item Name: Bonne Maman Preserve, Peach, 13 oz
Bullet Point 1: Finest quality fruit and 100 percent all-natural ingredients
Bullet Point 2: Bonne Maman preserves and jellies are made with no colorings
Bullet Point 3: No artificial preservatives, pulps, purees, juices or concentrates
Value: 13.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71REvF1EBeL.jpg
33858,"Item Name: Classic Olive Roasted 2.16 Ounces (Case of 4)
Bullet Point: 2.16 Ounces
Value: 8.64
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81RNoBXUrNL.jpg
189285,"Item Name: Wholesome Live Sweetly Organic Extra Light Agave, 5 Gallon -- 1 each.
Product Description: Wholesome Live Sweetly Organic Extra Light Agave, 5 Gallon -- 1 each. Wholesome Organic Extra Light Blue Agave is a natural sweetener harvested from the core of the Blue Agave plant. Organic Blue Agave is a mild delicious syrup that is a ideal for sweetening beverages, oatmeal, pancakes, waffles, yogurt, cereal and more. It is also great in smoothies, iced tea, or cocktails as it dissolves quickly in cold beverages. Agave is easy to bake with as well. Try it wherever you would use a tabletop sugar.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41Ou+xVNFmL.jpg
62318,"Item Name: Raw Cocoa Butter 2 lbs. Bar - 100% Pure Natural Unrefined FOOD GRADE Arriba Nacional Cacao Bean, Great For Chocolate Making, Soap, Lip Balm and Moisturizer For DIY Body Butters
Bullet Point 1: ✅ ARRIBA NACIONAL BEAN - A rare variety of cocoa bean found in the rainforests of Ecuador. Arriba Nacional is considered by many chocolatiers to be the most coveted source of cacao in the world because of its amazing aroma and complex flavor profile.
Bullet Point 2: ✅ SKIN & HAIR - Rich in antioxidants, vitamins & fatty acids that deeply penetrate the layers of your skin to moisturize, & improve elasticity. Cocoa butter deeply penetrates and nourishes the hair, while soothing and supporting a healthy scalp.
Bullet Point 3: ✅ EXQUISITE CHOCOLATE AROMA - A amazing chocolate scent that will make your mouth water with joy.
Bullet Point 4: ✅ COOKING & BAKING - Cocoa butter is a versatile kitchen ingredient with a wide range of applications. Great for chocolate making, baking and DIY snacks and treats. The #1 choice for chocolatiers.
Bullet Point 5: ✅ SOURCING - Thanks to our connections in Ecuador, we were able to coordinate with farmers to import large shipments of this unique cacao, straight from Ecuador. All single-sourced, straight from Ecuador, made from the same Arriba Nacional cacao beans.
Product Description: <p>Ecuadorian Cocoa Butter</p><p>Premium Ecuadorian cocoa butter, pure prime pressed from the superior <strong>Arriba Nacional</strong> cacao bean. Food grade unrefined, this butter has a deep exquisite chocolate aroma and flavor. Cocoa butter is rich in antioxidants, vitamins &amp; fatty acids that deeply penetrate the layers of your skin to moisturize, &amp; improve elasticity. The most versatile of them all, it can be used as the main ingredient for chocolates and desserts, but also very popular in skin care products such as soaps, creams and lotions.</p><p>Ingredients: Unrefined Cocoa Butter “Theobroma Cacao”&nbsp;</p>
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71VIEtuJBTL.jpg
93113,"Item Name: SunChips Garden Salsa Flavored Multigrain Snacks, 7 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Includes 1 (7oz) bag of Sunchips Multigrain Chips, Garden Salsa flavor
Bullet Point 2: The taste of red tomatoes and green jalapeño peppers delivered right to your mouth on waves of whole grain goodness
Bullet Point 3: Made with 100% whole grains
Bullet Point 4: 30% less fat than regular potato chips
Bullet Point 5: Made with no artificial colors
Value: 7.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71lR6iil8LL.jpg
155548,"Item Name: b'Kraft Stove Top Stuffing Mix Savory Herbs'
Product Description: Stove Top Stuffing is one of the most versatile ingredients in your pantry. You can serve it as the perfect stuffing side at any meal, but don't forget that recipes for main dishes can be built around it.
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81+DDHOzWEL.jpg
220244,"Item Name: Owala Spring Purple Stainless Steel FreeSip 32oz, 1 EA
Product Description: Seasonal
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51V7eMkb6PL.jpg
22363,"Item Name: SkinnyDipped Lemon Bliss Yogurt Covered Almonds, Healthy Snack, Plant Protein, Gluten Free, 3.5 oz Resealable Bags, Pack of 1
Bullet Point 1: NEW LEMON BLISS YOGURT COVERED ALMONDS: Try our newest SkinnyDipped Almonds that are whole almonds dipped in a thin layer of creamy yogurt and finished with a hint of real lemon
Bullet Point 2: OUTRAGEOUSLY DELICIOUS SNACK: Satisfy your sweet and salty cravings with a low sugar, better-for-you snack that includes 4g of protein, 2g of fiber and only 150 calories per serving
Bullet Point 3: NUTRIENT DENSE SUPERFOOD: Almonds contain healthy fats, fiber, protein, magnesium and vitamin E making them a satiating, heart healthy plant based snack
Bullet Point 4: ALWAYS REAL INGREDIENTS: SkinnyDipped Lemon Bliss Almonds are steam pasteurized and made with real ingredients that are Non-GMO and Gluten Free. Absolutely no artificial ingredients or flavors
Bullet Point 5: SHARING SIZE RESEALABLE BAG: Includes (1) Resealable 3.5 oz Bag of SkinnyDipped Lemon Bliss Yogurt Covered Almonds that are perfect for sharing and a great snack for a boost of energy during the day or post-workout
Value: 3.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/712+LPKISIL.jpg
295868,"Item Name: Williams Country Gravy Flavored with Real Sausage, 2.5 oz.
Bullet Point 1: Makes 2 cups
Bullet Point 2: The package length of the product is 6 inches
Bullet Point 3: The package width of the product is 4.1 inches
Bullet Point 4: The package height of the product is 2.9 inches
Value: 2.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Vu3plBWwL.jpg
212510,"Item Name: Generic 8. Trac.k Foods Blonde Chickpeas 15 oz (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Versatile Use: Perfect for enhancing flavors in cooking, whether creating sauces, toppings, or mixed into various dishes.
Bullet Point 2: Rich Flavor: Carefully selected and prepared to maintain the integrity and depth of flavor, offering an exceptional taste experience.
Bullet Point 3: Convenience: Ready-to-use products save time in the kitchen, making meal preparation easier and more efficient.
Bullet Point 4: Exceptional Quality: Each product is crafted from the finest ingredients, ensuring a premium culinary experience with every use.
Product Description: Nutritious and flavorful blonde chickpeas, perfect for a variety of dishes. Whether added to a salad, mashed into hummus, or used in stews, these chickpeas offer a light, delicate flavor that enhances any recipe.
Value: 180.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81GXfclDxmL.jpg
232238,"Item Name: Trolli Sour Brite Crawlers, Very Berry, Sour Gummy Worms, 28.8 Ounce Resealable Bag (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: The below information is per pack only
Bullet Point 2: TROLLI SOUR BRITE CRAWLERS: Trolli sour gummy worms come in awesome berry flavor combos like raspberry-blueberry, strawberry-blackberry, & blue raspberry-berry punch. Includes one 28.8 ounce resealable bag of Trolli Sour Brite Very Berry Crawlers
Bullet Point 3: SOUR GUMMY WORMS: We think of Sour Brite Crawlers, our classic combo of sugary sweet & lip smacking sour gummy worms in flavors for every taste, as glowing deities that wiggle their way into your snack habit
Bullet Point 4: Can't get enough of the sweet & sour lip-smacking taste of Trolli candy? Buy your favorites in bulk & be ready when the craving hits, or be the hit of party if you can bear to share
Bullet Point 5: MIND-BLOWING FLAVORS: Are very berry gummies or a fruity tropical paradise more your style? How about our Slurpee gummy worms? For the bravest, we have Fruit & Fire Crawlers: sweet, sour, & spicy hot
Bullet Point 6: WEIRDLY AWESOME: We invented the gummi worm in 1986 and have been making the most weirdly awesome gummies ever since, from gummi sloths to Sour Brite Octopus, our sour candy will wow your taste buds
Value: 57.6
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91k2jgitIOL.jpg
269310,"Item Name: Purina Pro Plan Wet Dog Food, Adult Chicken and Rice Entre Classic, 13 Ounce(Pack of 12)
Value: 156.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51WhCfBPvsL.jpg
134611,"Item Name: Litehouse Freeze Dried Dill - Substitute for Fresh Dill, Jar Equal to 2 Dill Fresh Bunches, Organic, Dill Weed Seasoning, Non-GMO, Gluten-Free - 0.35 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: FREEZE DRIED DIFFERENCE - All of our herbs are harvested at their peak freshness and loaded into our freeze drying tunnels that help preserve the bold color, taste, & aroma
Bullet Point 2: SUBSTITUTE & ENJOY - Simply substitute 1 tablespoon of the freeze-dried herb for 1 tablespoon of fresh dill. Our Freeze Dried Dill complements fresh vegetables and fish
Bullet Point 3: HIGH QUALITY CROPS - Litehouse Herbs are harvested from the highest quality crops making our Freeze Dried Dill Non-GMO, gluten-free, vegetarian, & keto friendly
Bullet Point 4: TASTY TIP - Litehouse Freeze Dried Dill works great in place of fresh dill and can be blended with Greek yogurt to create a versatile dip
Bullet Point 5: ABOUT US - Our mission is to deliver a memorable eating experience, positively impact communities, and provide employee-owners with opportunities for success
Product Description: Our Instantly FreshDill gives you garden-fresh taste without the hassle of growing it yourself. With only one simple ingredient inside - dill. This jar is filled with tangy taste, and a hint of sweetness.
Value: 0.35
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71SR3qTUdZL.jpg
154663,"Item Name: Delta Ground Roasted Coffee from BRAZIL for Espresso Machine or Bag 250g
Value: 8.8185
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41YC-iyXoyL.jpg
248314,"Item Name: Quaker Large Rice Cakes, Everything Flavor, GLuten Free, Pack of 3
Bullet Point 1: Includes (3) Quaker Large Rice Cakes, Everything Flavor, 5.9oz
Bullet Point 2: Dress them up with delicious toppings or enjoy right out of the bag
Bullet Point 3: Gluten-Free
Bullet Point 4: Made with 50 calories per rice cake​
Bullet Point 5: 5g of Whole Grain per rice cake
Value: 25.6
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81relvT58eL.jpg
59089,"Item Name: Classic Cookie Soft Baked Oatmeal Raisin Cookies, 2 Boxes, 16 Individually Wrapped Cookies
Bullet Point 1: DELICIOUS TASTE: Our soft baked Oatmeal Raisin Cookies blend oats and sweet, natural raisins together to form the best soft and chewy oatmeal raisin cookie you'll ever have
Bullet Point 2: REAL INGREDIENTS: When we bake cookies, we bake them right, using only real butter, the richest chocolate, the finest cinnamons, vanillas, raisins, and nuts in our cookie creations
Bullet Point 3: EACH BOX includes 8 large, 3 oz. chewy cookies baked to perfection
Bullet Point 4: INDIVIDUALLY WRAPPED cookies are safe for kids' lunches at school or handing out at your next party or event
Bullet Point 5: MADE IN USA at our factory in the foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains.
Bullet Point 6: GREAT GIFT FOR ANYONE: friends, family, military soldiers, students, co-workers, teens, young kids, boyfriend, girlfriend, friend, boy, girl, son, daughter, yourself, women, men, inmates, pregnancy, new mom, mother, father, dad, boss, teacher, partner, business, kid, baby, any year old or age, husband, wife, grandchild, grandson, granddaughter, grandmother, grandfather, pop, grandma, grandpa, niece, nephew, aunt, uncle, cousin, acquaintance, classmate, loved one, someone special, fiancé, buddy
Bullet Point 7: EVERY OCCASION: office, meetings, schools, college, university, holidays, Halloween, Christmas, Valentine's, Easter, on-the-go snacks, lunch or outing events, movie, movies, birthday, celebration, hospitals, churches, get well soon, abroad, car driving, road trips, picnics, party, Super Bowl, parties, after surgery, healing, finals week, deployment, summer, camp, cancer, chemo, sick, celebrate, graduation, sympathy, love, thank you, appreciation, congratulations, anniversary, wedding, friendship
Product Description: <p>Classic Cookie started in 1984 and has since remained a staple of the American cookie industry. Baked to soft and gooey perfection, these little snacks bring families together and can turn anybody, at any age, into a happy-go-lucky kid again. When we bake cookies, we bake them right, using only real butter, the richest chocolate, the finest cinnamons, vanillas, raisins, and nuts in our cookie creations. For nearly 40 years, we've upheld the same standard of quality, attention to detail, and exceptional customer service that got us here in the first place. These standards are baked into everything we do at Classic Cookie. Our roots are steeped in southern comfort foods, with a deep understanding that mouthwatering cookies are not only crafted with our hands, but also with our hearts.</p><p>Whether it be for a special occasion, a gift for that special someone, fundraising for your school or just because you love great, fresh-baked cookies, Classic Cookie is the perfect option. We have the pleasure to be in the homes of millions of families all over the country, and we look to continue that tradition as a special memory for you and your family for many years to come.</p><p>Made in the USA with our family-owned business, each box of Classic Cookies comes with 8 large, 3 oz. chewy cookies baked to perfection. Our soft baked Oatmeal Raisin Cookies blend oats and sweet, natural raisins together to form the best soft and chewy oatmeal raisin cookie you'll ever have.</p>
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71aRXC8IWUL.jpg
37902,"Item Name: Pamelas Mix Pancake Baking Wf Gf
Value: 48.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41riaBIicEL.jpg
247147,"Item Name: Simply Protein Crispy Bars 1.41 oz, Variety15-count (Peanut Butter Chocolate, Lemon Coconut, Dark Chocolate Sea Salt) / ZiQ Food Clip 1pc
Bullet Point 1: Crispy Protein Bars
Bullet Point 2: Variety pack: 5-Peanut Butter Chocolate, 5-Lemon Coconut, 5-Dark Chocolate Sea Salt
Bullet Point 3: A delicious snack with satisfying protein and clean ingredients
Bullet Point 4: Tastes great without artificial flavors and tons of ingredients
Bullet Point 5: Plant-powered fuel made deliciously simple
Bullet Point 6: 1.41 oz (40g) bar
Bullet Point 7: 15 ct
Product Description: Indulge in irresistible Simply Protein Crispy Bars Variety Pack, featuring a balanced mix of 5 Peanut Butter Chocolate, 5 Lemon Coconut, and 5 Dark Chocolate Sea Salt bars. Made to meet your dietary needs, these bars are gluten-free, Kosher Certified, and Non-GMO, ensuring quality and inclusivity. Enjoy a wholesome snacking experience with 15g of protein per bar, a mere 1g of sugar, and a calorie count of just 150 per serving.
Value: 21.16
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41yeoCu7dcL.jpg
80803,"Item Name: Briess CBW Bavarian Wheat Pure Malt Extract
Bullet Point 1: Bavarian Wheat LME
Bullet Point 2: 3.3 lb container
Bullet Point 3: Non-Diastatic
Product Description: Briess CBW Bavarian Wheat Pure Malt Extract
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71YeLS5nUcL.jpg
121057,"Item Name: Pirate's Booty Cheddar Blast Cheese Puffs, Gluten Free, Kids Snacks, 0.75oz Individual Size Snack Bags (16 Count)
Bullet Point 1: Pirate's Booty Cheddar Blast Cheese Puffs contain 16 (.75oz) snack-size bags. Perfect as lunch or movie night snacks for kids
Bullet Point 2: Always up to pirate standards, these cheese puffs are gluten free, peanut & tree nut free, and contain no artificial colors or preservatives. Each bag is just 110 calories, making them great for any matey!
Bullet Point 3: Drop the anchor and discover Pirate's Booty. Deliciously baked, never fried, rice and corn puffs made with aged white cheddar cheese. Real, tasty ingredients that are easy to pronounce make for a snack that's a real treasure!
Bullet Point 4: Arghhh-uably the best snack for back to school or to incorporate into any occasion!
Bullet Point 5: You shouldn’t have to snackrifice taste for goodness. We keep our ingredients straightforward, so you can be sure the only thing we add is a taste of swashbucklin’ fun and adventure!
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71uHbx-33YL.jpg
30163,"Item Name: Smucker's Sweet Orange Marmalade, 12 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Contains 6- 12 Ounce Jars of Smucker's Sweet Orange Marmalade
Bullet Point 2: Sweet, citrus packed flavor
Bullet Point 3: Easy to spread
Bullet Point 4: Partner with peanut butter for a classic PB and J
Bullet Point 5: Spread on a hot biscuit or make a tangy glaze for chicken
Value: 72.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/815GYtZPbuL.jpg
154861,"Item Name: Tea, Bags , 40 ct 2-Pack
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71U54J+VMxL.jpg
41265,"Item Name: Better Than Bouillon Organic Roasted Beef Base, Made with Seasoned Roasted Beef, USDA Organic, Blendable Base for Added Flavor, 38 Servings Per Jar, 8 OZ (Single)
Bullet Point 1: From marinades, glazes and vegetables to soups, sides and slow cooker dishes, Organic Better Than Bouillon Beef Base adds flavor to all your favorite dishes.
Bullet Point 2: Made with organic roasted beef, this gives it a richer, more robust flavor than ordinary bouillons or soup stocks.
Bullet Point 3: Refrigerate after opening.
Bullet Point 4: Better Than Bouillon Seal of Authenticity.
Bullet Point 5: 1 teaspoon of Better Than Bouillon is equal to 1 bouillon cube.
Product Description: Organic Better Than Bouillon Roasted Beef Base is made with organic roasted beef. This gives it a richer, more robust flavor than ordinary bouillons or soup stocks. Better Than Bouillon blendable bases easily spoon right out of the jar and let you add as much, or as little, flavor as desired. From marinades, glazes and vegetables to soups, sides and slow cooker dishes, Organic Better Than Bouillon Roasted Beef Base adds flavor to all your favorite dishes. There’s nothing better than big flavors and cooked-all-day taste in your favorite meals. Well, except maybe getting that taste without actually taking all day. That’s where Better Than Bouillon comes in. We’re a paste, a base, a flavor enhancer, a kitchen shortcut, a secret seasoning and pretty much whatever you want us to be. We don’t really like labels – except the ones on our jar. Unlike blocks or cubes, Better Than Bouillon makes it easy to add just the right amount of flavor to your dish. We use only premium ingredients across a full range of bases, so you can get creative with soups, pasta, rice, meats, vegetables and more. Find your favorite flavor today – and no matter what you’re making, make it better.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/619KiIMHEIL.jpg
160502,"Item Name: OLLOIS Arnica Montana 30x Pellets, 80 CT
Bullet Point: Organic
Product Description: Ollois homeopathic medicine arnica montana 30x pellets are formulated to provide short-term relief from pain resulting from muscle soreness, bruises or trauma. Dissolve five pellets under your tongue thrice a day until symptoms of malaise subside so you can focus on other things beside the pain. These arnica montana homeopathic pellets come in a recyclable 80-count tube and contains sucrose as an inactive ingredient for a pleasant taste.
Value: 80.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81BOmbKbVwL.jpg
290401,"Item Name: Lee Kum Kee Fine Shrimp Sauce, 12-Ounce Jars (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point: Net Wt. 12 oz.
Value: 36.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/319n3V1DbUL.jpg
62782,"Item Name: Civilized Coffee Decaffeinated Instant Assam Black Tea Powder for Hot Tea, Iced Tea & Baking (8oz)
Bullet Point 1: BLACK TEA EXTRACT High-quality loose-leaf tea brewed & spray dried to capture traditional rich flavors
Bullet Point 2: DECAF ASSAM INDIAN TEA Delicious Malty flavors & subtle hints of Sweetness with no messy bags or filters
Bullet Point 3: SIMPLICITY & CONVENIENCE Make quick easy Hot & Iced Tea anywhere Home, Travel, Camping or Office
Bullet Point 4: PURITY Made with 100% Assam Black Tea Leaves no artificial sweeteners, colors or additives
Bullet Point 5: BE CREATIVE Use in Assam Milk Tea, Chai, Breakfast Blends, Smoothies & London Fogs
Bullet Point 6: SECRET INGREDIENT Great in Baked Goods, Breads, Protein Shakes & other recipes
Bullet Point 7: SUSTAINABLE Stays Fresh in a Reusable Recyclable container packaged in US (Jacksonville Florida)
Product Description: Made for sipping over Civilized Conversations. Coffee is a universal custom, thousands of years old yet always a new and invigorating experience. Someone once called coffee “the favorite drink of the civilized world.” We believe this tradition, borrowed and shared across many cultures, has the power to unite and inspire. We hope our coffees are enjoyed over civilized conversations between friends both dear and different, all over the world.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71cj3Nk+NoL.jpg
151651,"Item Name: NATURES OWN WHITE WHEAT BREAD 20 OZ
Bullet Point 1: 0 grams of trans fat
Bullet Point 2: Good source of fiber
Bullet Point 3: Excellent source of calcium and Iron
Bullet Point 4: No high fructose corn syrup
Bullet Point 5: No artificial preservatives, colors, or flavors
Product Description: Whitewheat Sandwich Bread is a best-seller! Top it with peanut butter and jelly, ham and Swiss, or tuna fish—a Whitewheat sandwich makes a delicious meal or snack.
Value: 20.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41TCFkv2e5L.jpg
226249,"Item Name: Dum Dums Cherry Lollipops - Bulk Candy Bag with Lollipops Individually Wrapped, Single Flavor Gourmet Suckers - 50 Count
Bullet Point 1: A Classic Candy: Dum Dums mini lollipops are an iconic American candy for kids and adults alike. Our original gourmet lollipops deliver that nostalgic, timeless flavor that made it from a beloved office treat to classic classroom candy.
Bullet Point 2: Seasonal Treats For All: Dum Dums candy suckers are perfect for any holiday - whether it's a Halloween mix candy bowl for trick-or-treaters, sweet valentines lollipops, or simple birthday treats for kids - they bring classic charm to every occasion.
Bullet Point 3: Perfect For Sharing: Each resealable bag contains around 50 lollipops individually wrapped, making them the ideal candies for goodie bags, lollipops for kids parties, and bulk suckers for the workplace.
Bullet Point 4: Allergen-Free & Easy To Open: Our bulk lollipops are gluten-free, OU kosher certified, and free from top common allergens, making them a safe and tasty choice, while the suckers individually wrapped packaging allows for quick, easy opening.
Bullet Point 5: Original Favorite Flavor Bags: Dum Dums single flavor lollipop packages allow you to enjoy the individual taste of your favorite original suckers & lollipops. Our choices include classics like Root Beer, Cherry, Blu Raspberry, and more.
Product Description: Dum Dums Cherry Lollipops, made by Spangler Candy, are now available as single flavors so you can stock up on your favorite candy lollipops without having to sort through a bulk candy mix. Get that nostalgic taste from your pops, whether you're looking for a classic 80s candy tang or vintage American flavors from the past. Each large bag of candy is resealable and contains about 50 bulk lollipops individually wrapped and easy to open - perfect for sharing at the office, as candy party favors for kids, valentines day lollipops, bulk candy for classroom celebrations, and Halloween pass-outs. These sweet treats provide a small bit of sugar, allowing even strict dieters to indulge without the guilt. An American candy icon since 1924, Spangler Candy Dum Dums are gluten-free, OU kosher certified, and free of the top common allergens. Our Cherry Dum Dums are a flavor favorite that comes in individual big candy bags with suckers individually wrapped with their flavor printed on the wrapper.
Value: 11.375000000000002
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81nNWGk654L.jpg
48224,"Item Name: Magic Swamp Dust (The Fire Dept. Blend)
Bullet Point 1: All the flavor of our original Magic Swamp Dust with an extra kick of Cayenne pepper for those looking for more heat
Bullet Point 2: Lower sodium than most Cajun seasonings - 6% DV per serving. No MSG Blend.
Bullet Point 3: Create Cajun and Creole Classics such as gumbo, jambalaya, dirty rice, etouffee and bisques
Bullet Point 4: Spice up your meats, seafood, poultry, vegetable, eggs, soups, stews and salads, even barbecue and French fries.
Bullet Point 5: A product of St. Amant, Louisiana deep in the heart of Cajun Country.
Product Description: Swamp dust with an extra kick!
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81wlgqZ+1tL.jpg
146944,"Item Name: Pumpkin Pie White Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 535038) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Pumpkin Pie White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Pumpkin Seed, Marigold and Ginger Root that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Pumpkin Pie flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Pumpkin Seed, Marigold, Ginger Root and Natural Pumpkin Pie Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf White Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Pumpkin Pie White Tea is a mouth-watering flavored White tea with Pumpkin Seed, Marigold and Ginger Root that you can enjoy all year round! The aroma and Pumpkin Pie flavor is a delight! - Ingredients: White tea, Pumpkin Seed, Marigold, Ginger Root and Natural Pumpkin Pie Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain ou
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/818+SOmLNRL.jpg
3438,"Item Name: Food to Live Himalayan Pink Salt, 2 Pounds – Fine Grind, Pure, No Additives, No Preservatives, Vegan, Kosher, Bulk. Basic Seasonings. Packed with Minerals. Great for Cooking, Baking, Salt Shakers.
Bullet Point 1: ENHANCES THE TASTE: Use Pink Himalayan Salt for your delicious dishes.
Bullet Point 2: SALT BATHS: Take a salt bath to relax at the end of the day.
Bullet Point 3: PREMIUM QUALITY: Pink Himalayan Salt from Food to Live is 100% free from any additives and harvested sustainably.
Bullet Point 4: RESEALABLE PACK: Packed in a quality resealable bag that will help you keep Pink Himalayan Salt for months.
Bullet Point 5: SCRUB: Use pink salt for cosmetic purposes as a skin cleansing scrub.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71jKqtoOrvL.jpg
161259,"Item Name: McCormick Culinary Garlic Powder, 6 lb (Pack of 3)
Product Description: McCormick Garlic Powder - 6 lb. container, 3 per case Made from fresh dried garlic cloves, this is a great pantry staple. Garlics culinary uses are endless. It need not be overpowering orpungent. Except for desserts and other sweet dishes, there is hardly a foodwhich does not benefit from a pinch of Garlic. Use 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon for 2 pounds pork, beef, lamb, and other meats orfor 3 cups tomato, barbecue, or other sauces. Use 1/8 to 1/2 teaspoon in 1/2cup butter for bread, vegetables, and grilled meats. Add a dash to 1/8teaspoon to 3 cups tomato or meat stock soup. When using Garlic Powder in a recipe with a high acidic content, a moredistinctive garlic flavor may be obtained by moistening Garlic Powder inwater before adding to the recipe; use 2 parts water to 1 part Garlic Powder. Kosher: Yes; No MSG Added
Value: 3.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/21DdDoMRrGL.jpg
47173,"Item Name: Kim's Magic Pop Honey Wheat Flavor 12-Pack: Freshly Popped Rice Cakes, Healthy Grain Snack, 0 Weight Watchers Point
Bullet Point 1: THE ORIGINAL RICE CAKE: There’s more to the rice cake than sweet flavor, snackability and crunchiness. The rice cake is a versatile, healthy snack that Kim’s Magic Pop wants you to fall in love with all over again. Did we mention they’re super healthy too? Brace yourself. They’re addicting.
Bullet Point 2: THE POWER OF WHOLE, BROWN RICE: Brown rice is a staple of the Korean diet and has been largely popularized as a significant source of protein amongst vegans, nutritionists and the health conscious. For a good reason! It’s packed with nutrients, low carb and loaded with protein. What more could you ask for?
Bullet Point 3: KETO, LOW CAL: KETO KETO KETO. Rice cakes are 100% keto. With 15 calories per serving and a low carb count, you can’t go wrong. At Kim’s, we strive to provide you with the nutrients you need, and to satisfy your strongest cravings.
Bullet Point 4: PERFECT BREAD REPLACEMENT: Say goodbye to bread. Well, the carbs anyway. Kim’s Magic Pop is the perfect bread replacement. Use with toppings such as nut butters, jams and cheeses for a decadent (low cal) treat. Or use as a replacement for chips and crackers as a lower calorie alternative. Perfect for dipping in hummus and salsa.
Bullet Point 5: DELICIOUS KOREAN SNACK: Kim’s Magic Pop brings you a classic Korean popped rice snack. Long adored as a texture-rich, tasteful addition to any meal, rice cakes are a staple in any Korean supermarket. Healthy, delicious and low-calorie, there’s a whole lot to love. We hope you enjoy!
Product Description: We are Kim’s Magic Pop.<br><br>Established in 1998 and based out of the United States, Kim’s Magic Pop was founded by the Kim family - Mom, Dad and their son, Josh. At Kim’s Magic Pop, we hope to bring the best of Korean snacks to the entire world.<br><br>We believe in creating a new culinary culture that embraces healthy living. It is our goal at Kim’s to bring this culture to everyone. Taste and embrace Kim’s Magic Pop!<br><br><b>With Love, the Kim’s <3</b>
Value: 30.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51qZudkXQZL.jpg
25800,"Item Name: TASTY BRAND Organic Gummy Snack Mixed Fruit B, 2.75 OZ
Product Description: No artificial colors, flavors or preservatives. Made with real fruit juice; no high-fructose corn syrup. Vegan (gelatin-free). Gluten-free & allergen-free (made in a facility free of wheat, egg, fish, shellfish, dairy, soy, peanut and tree nut)
Value: 2.75
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51m1gdQJW2L.jpg
50001,"Item Name: Heaven & Earth White Asparagus Spears 12.5oz (6 Pack) | All Natural, Zero Fat, Low Calorie, Perfect for Snacking
Bullet Point 1: SIMPLY MADE- An all-natural gourmet delicacy that is perfect for a delectable home cooked meal
Bullet Point 2: PREMIUM QUALITY- Fully cooked and ready to eat asparagus that was picked and packaged at the peak of freshness
Bullet Point 3: VERSATILE- Perfect on its own, as an hor d'ourve, in salads, quiches, and more! You can even make your own marinade and salad dressing.
Bullet Point 4: HEALTHY SNACKING- Fat Free, Low Calorie, Zero Cholesterol
Bullet Point 5: CERTIFIED- Kosher for Passover
Value: 75.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/814j9bApqcS.jpg
290756,"Item Name: Melindas Sauce Hot
Value: 5.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51nxTe7eJgL.jpg
181986,"Item Name: Dang Sticky Rice Chips | Sriracha Spice | 12 Pack | Vegan, Gluten Free, Non GMO Rice Crisps, Healthy Snacks Made with Whole Foods | 3.5 Oz Bags
Bullet Point 1: THAI STICKY RICE CHIPS inspired by Northern Thai Street food for the perfect crunchy rice snacks to fulfill your chip cravings. Sriracha Spice delivers a spicy kick of garlic and chili with a tangy touch of vinegar for the heat you crave without the burn.
Bullet Point 2: DANG! THAT’S GOOD: These crunchy rice cakes have 30% less fat than your favorite potato chips. We soak sticky-rice in fresh watermelon juice and coconut milk to bind the grains together, then crisp them up to bring out the flavor of toasted rice.
Bullet Point 3: KEEP IT SIMPLE: We use simple, healthy ingredients that are non GMO, gluten free, dairy free and soy free. Our healthy chips are preservative-free and B Corp Certified. The perfect rice crisps for office snacks or whenever you need a good crunch!
Bullet Point 4: DIP, CRUSH OR DEVOUR! Enjoy these mini rice cakes straight from the bag, dip them in hummus or guacamole or add some crunch to your soups and salads. Dang chips have the same great flavor you find on the bottom of a pan of home-cooked rice.
Bullet Point 5: FROM OUR FAMILY TO YOURS: We created Dang, named after our Mom, to share uniquely Asian-American snacks with the flavors and ingredients
Bullet Point 6: allergen information: gluten_free
Value: 42.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71RgkzJukHL.jpg
10843,"Item Name: Rani Tamarind Powder (Imli) 7oz (200g) ~ All Natural| No Added Sugar/Salt | Vegan | Gluten Friendly | Kosher | NON-GMO | Kosher | Indian Origin
Bullet Point 1: 🌴Special Note: Its CLUMPY & HARD! Our spices do not have anti-caking or anti clumping agents or other harmful additives, hence with a sticky product like our tamarind powder, natural clumping will occur. This does not indicate that the product is old or bad, just all natural!
Bullet Point 2: 🌴You'll LOVE our Tamarind Powder (Imli) by Rani Brand--Here's Why:
Bullet Point 3: 🌴Now KOSHER! 100% Natural, Non-GMO, No Preservatives, Vegan, Gluten Friendly, Made from pure tamarind, thats it!
Bullet Point 4: 🌴Rani is a USA based company selling quality foods for over 40 years, buy with confidence!
Bullet Point 5: 🌴Net Wt.7oz (200g), Commonly used to make Tamarind Chutney, Product of India, Alternative Name: (Indian) Imli Paste
Product Description: <b>Special Note: Our spices do not have anti-caking or anti clumping agents or other harmful additives, hence with a sticky product like our tamarind powder, natural clumping will occur. This does not indicate that the product is old or bad, just all natural!</b><br><br> Tamarind is native to East Africa and Southern Asia. The tamarind tree grows wild through out India, producing the pods from which the pulp like tamarind paste is extracted. It has a refreshingly sweet, sour and somewhat fruity flavor. Essential in South Indian and Gujurati cuisine, tamarind is used as a souring agent in lentil, sambars and rasams dishes.
Value: 7.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71PlLUFWvvL.jpg
190551,"Item Name: Campbell's Soup Chunky, Grilled Chicken & Sausage Gumbo, 18.8 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Enjoy the authentic Creole flavors of stewed with grilled chicken meat, rice, Andouille sausage, okra and peppers
Bullet Point 2: Count on big pieces in every bite
Bullet Point 3: A great choice when you’re hungry and crunched for time
Bullet Point 4: Soup That Eats Like a Meal
Bullet Point 5: Try pouring it over rice
Value: 18.8
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Eul3TgiwL.jpg
85154,"Item Name: Nabisco Wheat Thins Original Crackers - 20 oz. - 4 ct.
Bullet Point 1: Nutty wheat flavor for a rich whole grain snack
Bullet Point 2: Thin square crackers are perfect for dipping or topping
Bullet Point 3: Baked crackers feature a crunchy texture
Bullet Point 4: Pair snack packs with cheese and meat or enjoy by themselves
Bullet Point 5: No artificial flavor or colors and 21 g of whole grains in each serving
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81FWea5p3DL.jpg
134653,"Item Name: Bionaturae Fusilli Pasta Noodles - Gluten Free Pasta Organic, Rice & Lentil Pasta, Kosher Certified, High Protein, Non-GMO, Fusilli Pasta Organic, Crafted in Italy - 12 Oz, 4 Pack
Bullet Point 1: ORGANIC FUSILLI PASTA - Gluten free noodles made with just rice & lentils. 8g of protein per serving, no soy, added starches or gums. Free of milk, eggs, fish, shellfish, peanuts, & tree nuts
Bullet Point 2: GLUTEN FREE - Eating gluten free pasta does not mean sacrificing taste, texture, and nutrition anymore. Enjoy our new recipe with added protein and the same great texture
Bullet Point 3: QUICK AND EASY TO COOK - Our Rice & Lentil Brown Rice Fusilli Pasta cooks quickly to provide you with a delicious al dente noodle that can be served with any sauce
Bullet Point 4: MADE THE TRADITIONAL ITALIAN WAY - Dried slowly at low temperatures to preserve a superior flavor & pressed through bronze dies for course & firm texture. Made in a dedicated gluten free facility
Bullet Point 5: OUR STORY - Bionaturae is embraced by American consumers as the premier brand of organic foods from Italy. We have remained a family-oriented with a heartfelt devotion to quality and tradition
Value: 4.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81fac5mkTYL.jpg
229643,"Item Name: Red Apple Cheese, Cheddar Green Onion, 8 Ounce
Bullet Point: Kosher
Product Description: New look! Same great taste. Natural cheese made in Wisconsin.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41V2rLIa4oL.jpg
95464,"Item Name: Doritos Flavored Tortilla Chips, Salsa Verde, 10.5 Oz
Value: 10.5
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/8145YlD+02L.jpg
54059,"Item Name: Tony Piggs Hot BBQ Sauce Fresno Ghost Flavor (19oz)- Great Condiment Topping for Wings, Ribs & Burgers at Parties - Barbecue Sauce w Hot Sauce Heat from Fresh Peppers - Grilling Gift for Fathers Day
Bullet Point 1: 🌶️ Tony Pigg’s Kick’n Hot BBQ Sauce Fresno Ghost: Elevate your BBQ game with the bold and unmatched flavors of Tony Pigg’s hot barbecue sauce (19 oz)
Bullet Point 2: 🔥 BBQ Sauces with a Kick: Tony Piggs sauces offer a one-of-a-kind taste combination of sweetness and spiciness that will ignite your taste buds. Whether you're grilling, marinating, or dipping, our hot BBQ sauces are the ultimate flavor enhancers.
Bullet Point 3: 🍖 The Best of Both Worlds: Discover the perfect balance between barbecue sweetness and tantalizing heat. Our barbecue sauces bring the heat and add an exciting twist to your favorite dishes. Never choose between hot sauce and barbecue again when with Tony Piggs you can have both!
Bullet Point 4: ⚖️ Balanced to Perfection: Tony Piggs redefines the game by delivering the warmth of fresno peppers coupled with the heat of ghost peppers and balanced with the classic lip-smacking flavors of barbecue sauce.This sauce will haunt you with a craving for more!
Bullet Point 5: 👨‍🍳 Tony Piggs sauces are crafted in Colorado, USA and contain no artificial ingredients. Tony Pigg’s Fresno Ghost hot BBQ sauce is perfect for gifting on Father’s Day, birthdays, and to foodies with adventurous palates! Note: Contains soy allergen.
Product Description: Tony Pigg’s Kick’n Hot BBQ Sauce Fresno Ghost: Elevate your BBQ game with the bold and unmatched flavors of Tony Pigg’s hot barbecue sauce (19 oz) BBQ Sauces with a Kick: Tony Piggs sauces offer a one-of-a-kind taste combination of sweetness and spiciness that will ignite your taste buds. Whether you're grilling, marinating, or dipping, our hot BBQ sauces are the ultimate flavor enhancers. The Best of Both Worlds: Discover the perfect balance between barbecue sweetness and tantalizing heat. Our barbecue sauces bring the heat and add an exciting twist to your favorite dishes. Never choose between hot sauce and barbecue again when with Tony Piggs you can have both! Balanced to Perfection: Tony Piggs redefines the game by delivering the warmth of fresno peppers coupled with the heat of ghost peppers and balanced with the classic lip-smacking flavors of barbecue sauce.This sauce will haunt you with a craving for more! Tony Piggs sauces are crafted in Colorado, USA and contain no artificial ingredients. Tony Pigg’s Fresno Ghost hot BBQ sauce is perfect for gifting on Father’s Day, birthdays, and to foodies with adventurous palates! Spice up your barbecue cookouts and backyard pool parties this summer during 4th of July and Memorial Day celebrations! Note: Contains soy allergen.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/A1lwqB7-UJL.jpg
115479,"Item Name: Rockstar Energy Drink with Caffeine Taurine and Electrolytes, Recovery Lemonade, 16oz (12 Pack) (Packaging May Vary)
Bullet Point 1: Includes 12 (16oz) cans of Rockstar Recovery Energy Drink, Lemonade
Bullet Point 2: RESET TO PERFORM: Rockstar Recovery is our only non-carbonated drink, formulated with electrolytes for taste, 100% daily dose of Vitamin B, and 160mg caffeine to help you reset for the next hustle.
Bullet Point 3: Made with juice, this non-carbonated flavor captures the traditional taste of delicious lemonade
Bullet Point 4: Packaging May Vary
Value: 192.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81fsZkTJaBL.jpg
97906,"Item Name: SweetGourmet Sesame Honey Crunch All Natural Candy | 3 Pounds
Bullet Point 1: Country of Origin: United States
Bullet Point 2: Enjoy the sweet combination of honey and sesame in this bite-sized bar! Individually wrapped for your convenience, these sesame crunch bars make the perfect on-the-go snack as well as a delicious treat for holiday parties and other social gatherings.
Bullet Point 3: Ing: Sesame seeds, sugar, corn syrup, honey.
Bullet Point 4: Net Wt.: 3Lb (48oz)
Bullet Point 5: Sweet Sesame Crunch Individually Wrapped Candies.
Product Description: Enjoy the sweet combination of honey and sesame in this bite-sized bar! Individually wrapped for your convenience, these sesame crunch bars make the perfect on-the-go snack as well as a delicious treat for holiday parties and other social gatherings.
Value: 48.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71WQXMQd+1L.jpg
127371,"Item Name: Nissin RAOH Ramen Noodle Soup, Tonkotsu, 3.53 Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: AUTHENTIC JAPANESE EXPERIENCE: In the proud lineage of Nissin, makers of Top Ramen and Cup Noodles, RAOH Tonkotsu offers a culinary journey reminiscent of Japan's celebrated ramen shops
Bullet Point 2: PREMIUM RAMEN ARTISTRY: Crafted using a state-of-the-art triple-layer process, our noodles are air-dried and steam-cooked, not fried, to maintain texture and flavor
Bullet Point 3: QUICK & GOURMET: Satisfy your ramen cravings in just 4 minutes with 2 cups of water, making it easy to enjoy a restaurantquality meal at home or on the go
Bullet Point 4: RICH & SAVORY FLAVOR: Paired with a deeply satisfying Tonkotsu umami broth, this noodle soup offers an authentic burst of flavors you’d expect from the king of ramen
Bullet Point 5: MULTIPLE FLAVOR OPTIONS: Also available in Tonkotsu flavor, allowing you to explore a range of authentic ramen tastes, all conveniently packaged in a 6- pack
Value: 21.18
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71mm-JQQh4L.jpg
24362,"Item Name: Seventh Generation Aluminum-Free Deodorant Powder Fresh Scent 2.65 Oz
Bullet Point 1: Seventh Generation aluminum-free powder Fresh scent Deodorant works like you need it to and is uniquely designed to protect our planet's most precious resource-water.
Bullet Point 2: Our 5-ingredient, odor-control complex, including arrowroot powder, helps deliver 24-hour odor control.
Bullet Point 3: No synthetic fragrances. Ever. Our powder Fresh scent is made from 100% essential oils and botanical ingredients, leaving you feeling refreshed and ready for the day.
Bullet Point 4: Made safe Certified, non-irritating, dermatologist-tested formula with skin nourishing shea butter that goes on smooth. No parabens, phthalates, baking soda, or alcohol.
Bullet Point 5: 100% biodegradable water-friendly formulas and recyclable canisters made with 65% PCR (post-consumer recycled) plastic help protect our waterways and reduce Ocean waste.
Value: 2.65
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81XKP6JMK+L.jpg
118312,"Item Name: Rani Tikka Masala Indian 7-Spice Blend 3.5oz (100g) ~ All Natural | Salt-Free | Vegan | No Colors | Gluten Friendly | NON-GMO | Indian Origin
Bullet Point 1: You'll LOVE our Tikka Masala by Rani Brand--Here's Why:
Bullet Point 2: 🍗100% Natural, Non-GMO, No Preservatives, Vegan, Gluten Friendly PREMIUM Gourmet Food Grade Spice.
Bullet Point 3: 🍗Can be used as a rub or to create curry. Used to to make Chicken Tikka Masala, curry vegetables or our favorite Paneer (Indian Cheese)!
Bullet Point 4: 🍗Rani is a USA based company selling spices for over 40 years, buy with confidence! Packed in a no barrier Plastic Bag, wraps back up in the box for easy storage.
Bullet Point 5: 🍗7 Spice Blend! Alternative Name: (English) Marinade & Grill Spice Blend, Net Wt. 3.5oz (100g), Product of India
Product Description: <b>Tikka Masala</b>A Little History! <br> The state of Punjab is particularly famous for its Tandoori cuisine, which uses large clay ovens to barbecue meat dishes, breads and creamy lentil stews. Meat, poultry, and seafood are marinated in a mixture of yogurt and Tandoori Masala, and then baked in the traditional clay oven, barbecue grill, or conventional oven. The blend has a fragrant spicy aroma, which is both hot and sour in taste combining strong overtones of cumin and coriander. <br>
Value: 3.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71o4GxmcquL.jpg
22583,"Item Name: Food to Live Organic Spinach Powder, 8 Ounces – Non-GMO, Finely Ground Dehydrated Leaves, Pure, Vegan, Kosher, Bulk. Source of Fiber, Vitamin A, Iron. Great for Smoothies, Baked Goods, Yogurt, Oats.
Bullet Point 1: SPINACH BENEFITS AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES: With Organic Spinach Powder, you can get the nutritional benefits of spinach all year round.
Bullet Point 2: SOURCE OF IRON: Spinach is an excellent source of iron and many other essential nutrients, including vitamins A, C, and K.
Bullet Point 3: TASTE OF SPINACH: If you love these healthy greens, use dried spinach powder to flavor your homemade pasta, bread, and casseroles.
Bullet Point 4: NATURAL FOOD COLOR: Dehydrated spinach powder is a natural food coloring. Use it to dye mashed potatoes, omelets, and even savory muffins.
Bullet Point 5: PERFECT FOR GREEN SMOOTHIES: Use organic spinach powder for smoothies, both green ones, and berry smoothies to hide the taste.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81e9z-oa5RL.jpg
19732,"Item Name: Apricot Brandy Dandelion Root Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 559745) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point: Our Apricot Brandy Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Apricots, Nutmeg and Figs (Turkish, Dried) that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Apricot Brandy taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Apricots, Nutmeg, Figs (Turkish, Dried) and Natural Apricot Brandy Flavor.
Product Description: Our Apricot Brandy Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Apricots, Nutmeg and Figs (Turkish, Dried) that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Apricot Brandy taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Apricots, Nutmeg, Figs (Turkish, Dried) and Natural Apricot Brandy Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our produ
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81n7K2f+5xL.jpg
212955,"Item Name: Kellogg's Frosted Flakes Breakfast Cereal, Kids Cereal, Family Breakfast, Giant Size, Original, 28.5oz Box (1 Box)
Bullet Point 1: Kellogg’s is partnering with Penguin Random House to provide two free books when you purchase one participating Kellogg's cereal and one participating partner product; Go to feedingreading.com for details; Packaging may vary
Bullet Point 2: Share a GR-R-REAT tasting family breakfast; Perfect for both kids and adults?
Bullet Point 3: Good source of eight vitamins and minerals; Fat-free, healthy cereal; No artificial flavors or colors; Kosher Pareve?
Bullet Point 4: Enjoy with or without your favorite milk; Makes a tasty treat at work, as a school snack, or a quick dinner?
Bullet Point 5: Includes one, 28.5oz giant-size box of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes Original breakfast cereal; Packaged for freshness and great taste?
Value: 28.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81TuCmxjxcL.jpg
21886,"Item Name: Dulzura Borincana Black Coconut (Marrallo) Bites 3.4 Ounce Bag
Product Description: Black coconut + toasted sesame seeds. Sweet & sour. Vegan. Gluten free. Attributes: Very low in sodium, 0% cholesterol. Non GMO. Coconut is considered one of the most popular and treasured foods of all time. Enjoys the favor of many people who appreciate its unique and intense flavor and the sensations it evokes. Indulge on this delicious superfood. www.dulzuraborincana.com. Find Us On: Facebook. Twitter. Instagram. Pinterest. (at)Dulzuraborincana. Tel (787) 818-1630. Dispose of properly.
Value: 3.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61reXWBbIuL.jpg
224325,"Item Name: Funyun's Flamin"" Hot Onion Flavored Rings, 1.25 ounce bags (Pack of 8), Bundled by City Wide Gourmet
Bullet Point 1: PACK CONTENTS: Bundle of 8 individual bags of Flamin' Hot Funyun's Onion Flavored Rings, each bag containing 1.25 ounces of crunchy snacks.
Bullet Point 2: FLAVOR PROFILE: Spicy and zesty Flamin' Hot seasoning combined with the classic onion-flavored ring shape for an exciting snack experience.
Bullet Point 3: Large single-serving size bags, enough to staisfy an adult sized craving.
Product Description: Spice up your snack game with Funyun's Flamin' Hot Onion Flavored Rings! This convenient pack of eight 1.25-ounce bags delivers the perfect portion of crunchy, zesty satisfaction. Each ring combines the classic onion flavor you love with an exciting kick of heat that will keep you coming back for more. These corn-based snacks are ideal for lunch boxes, road trips, parties, or whenever you're craving something bold and different. The individual bags help maintain freshness and make portion control easier. Perfect for dipping or enjoying straight from the bag, these flamin' hot rings offer a delicious blend of seasonings, including real cheddar cheese, onion powder, and garlic powder. With 140 calories per serving, these shelf-stable snacks are a fun alternative to regular chips. Whether you're sharing with friends or keeping them all to yourself, these Funyun's Flamin' Hot rings run circles around ordinary snacks!
Value: 9.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71WIDwiRFoL.jpg
203894,"Item Name: StarKist Beef Creations Taco Style, 2.6 oz pouch
Bullet Point 1: Fully Cooked, Read to Eat
Bullet Point 2: Good Source of Protein
Bullet Point 3: No High Fructose Corn Syrup
Bullet Point 4: Packed in the USA
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71wB1S7uUBL.jpg
191752,"Item Name: Vicks NyQuil Severe Cough Cold and Flu Nighttime Relief, Berry Flavor Liquid, 12 Fl Oz
Bullet Point 1: Maximum strength cold & flu relief.
Bullet Point 2: Nighttime.
Bullet Point 3: When using DayQuil or NyQuil products, carefully read each label to ensure correct dosing.
Bullet Point 4: Use as directed.
Bullet Point 5: Keep out of reach of children.
Value: 12.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/814LOUPM-2L.jpg
286196,"Item Name: Heinz Honey Mustard Single Serve Dipping Sauce (60 ct Pack, 2 oz Dipping Cups)
Bullet Point 1: Sixty 2 oz dipping cups of Heinz Honey Mustard Single Serve Dipping Sauce
Bullet Point 2: Product contains 60 HEINZ Honey Mustard cups
Bullet Point 3: Great flavor to add on-the-go, take your condiments with you everywhere
Bullet Point 4: Easy & convenient portion control container
Value: 120.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81DAWFyOQoL.jpg
248824,"Item Name: Betterbody Foods Organic Chia Seeds, 1.48 oz packets (Pack of 24)
Bullet Point 1: Perfect for on-the-go: With 24 individual packets, you can make your day a lot easier! Skip the hassle of trying to measure out the perfect amount of chia seeds. Just throw one of these in your bag or backpack and you've got the perfect serving size, without chia seeds going everywhere! Add it to smoothies, shakes, oatmeal, and more for a boost of omega 3's and fiber that'll help keep you feeling fuller for longer.
Bullet Point 2: Simply Organic: Our Organic Chia Seeds are gluten-free, nut-free, low-carb, non-GMO, making them a great addition to your pantry, no matter your dietary restrictions. Whether you’re vegan, vegetarian, eating Keto or Paleo, or following another strict food regiment, you can easily incorporate this nutritious seed into your diet.
Bullet Point 3: The Little Seed with Big Nutrition: Each packet is loaded with 7g of omega-3's, 14g of fiber, and 7g of protein In the ancient Mayan language, the word “chia” meant strength, so the name speaks for itself. Our chia seeds may also help maintain regular digestion.
Bullet Point 4: Flavor Neutral Favorite: Chia seeds are a kitchen essential that many people don’t know about. You can add chia seeds to just about any food without having to worry about it changing the flavor of your dish. Because they are tasteless, you can use chia seeds to add texture to your food without drowning out the original flavor of your dish. Try in oatmeal, overnight oats, smoothies, and more. The possibilities are endless with chia.
Bullet Point 5: Your New Favorite Seed: You'll love how easy it is to bring these chia packets with you. Who doesn't love convenience? With all the benefits too, Betterbody Foods Chia seeds will surely be your new favorite seed.
Value: 35.52
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/714NnBFTCZL.jpg
43717,"Item Name: Emeril's Big Easy Bold Coffee Keurig Single-Serve K-Cup Pods, Dark Roast Coffee, 24 Count
Bullet Point 1: Parisian roasted for a deep, intense flavor
Bullet Point 2: Dark roast, caffeinated coffee
Bullet Point 3: Rainforest Alliance Certified
Bullet Point 4: Certified Orthodox Union Kosher (U)
Value: 24.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71FXZ2n-gDL.jpg
262589,"Item Name: Seapoint Farms Seaweed Crisps, Almond Sesame, Vegan, Gluten-Free, Kosher, and Non-GMO, Healthy Snack, 1.2 oz. Bag, (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Start Eating Healthy: Want a delicious and healthy snack? Our Almond Sesame Seaweed Crisps are perfect alternatives to potato chips to satisfy your savory crunchy cravings. These crisps are oven-baked, naturally gluten-free, vegan, non-gmo, kosher, and a good source of fiber and iron with no trans-fat or cholesterol.
Bullet Point 2: Great On-The-Go Snacking: When you don’t have time to make a healthy snack, grab a bag of Almond Sesame Crisps and snack healthy. Stock up on these crispy snacks that come with 12, 1.2oz bags so you don’t ever run out.
Bullet Point 3: Simple Ingredients and Great Flavor: Our seaweed crisps contain simple and clean ingredients: white sesame seeds, maltose, nori (seaweed), almonds, kelp powder, and sea salt. The seaweed crisps are made up of two crispy sheets of nori that are sandwiched between a crunchy almond and sesame seed filling that is both savory and sweet.
Bullet Point 4: Non-GMO, All-Natural Superfood: Our seaweed crisps are non-GMO, vegan, and gluten-free. Feel confident giving this snack to your family.
Value: 14.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ev6rBkuWL.jpg
140499,"Item Name: Corkcicle Insulated Bottle, 16 oz / 475 ml, Gloss Navy
Bullet Point 1: Stainless steel
Bullet Point 2: Navy
Bullet Point 3: 47 cl
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81kLC2YmbvL.jpg
242880,"Item Name: New England Coffee Hazelnut Crème Decaffeinated Medium Roast Ground Coffee, 10oz Bag (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Decaf Hazelnut Crème Coffee: Rich, nutty overtones in our signature blend of decaffeinated 100% Arabica coffee for a mellow yet flavorful cup
Bullet Point 2: Ground Coffee: Made of 100% Arabica coffee. Gluten free and Certified Kosher ground coffee. Use only fresh water when brewing the coffee grounds for smooth taste and flavor
Bullet Point 3: Small Batch Roast: Sourced from the finest coffee growing regions, our premium coffees are always 100% Arabica coffee beans, which are small-batch roasted for consistently balanced flavor every time
Bullet Point 4: Family Tradition: For more than 100 years, New England Coffee has roasted our premium coffee the same time tested way right in New England. So you can count on deliciously consistent flavor cup after cup, sip after sip
Bullet Point 5: Sustainability: With the changing climate in mind, our Sustainable Cup Project is designed to plant a better tomorrow. Results provide social, economic and environmental enhancements for farmers and their communities
Value: 60.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71sGcpL2HeL.jpg
201240,"Item Name: Chicken of the Sea Sardines, In Oil & Lightly Smoked, 3.75 oz (Pack of 6) with By The Cup Toothpicks
Product Description: 6 - 3.75 oz cans of Chicken of the Sea Sardines, In Oil & Lightly Smoked1 - By The Cup Travel Toothpick DispenserSmoked sardines are rich and flavorful enough to stand on their own. Try them as a snack or appetizer. Kosher and wild caught.By The Cup Travel Toothpick Dispenser holds approximately 12 toothpicks and features a thumb-slide mechanism that extracts the toothpick from inside.
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/911qNDkB1fL.jpg
89117,"Item Name: Green Giant Niblets Whole Kernel Sweet Corn, No Salt Added - 11 Oz
Product Description: Grocery
Value: 11.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71iDnW7kniL.jpg
298713,"Item Name: Hello Kitty Marshmallow - Strawberry Marshmallow Snacks Japanese Candy
Product Description: Hello Kitty Strawberry Marshmallows are loved by adults and children alike. Your favorite pillow-like soft marshmallow combined with a creamy strawberry jelly filling makes for one of the most interesting fusion candies in the world!
Value: 3.1
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51xvTs-uItL.jpg
271738,"Item Name: Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps, Buffalo Wing, 3 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Spicy buffalo wing flavor sprinkled on top of our classic Pretzel Crisps
Bullet Point 2: Try Buffalo Wing with sour cream, blue cheese dressing, cheddar or cream cheese spreads, and as a zesty partner for celery sticks
Bullet Point 3: 110 calories per serving, 0g trans fat, 0g saturated fat, 0mg cholesterol
Bullet Point 4: Pack of 12, 7.2 oz bags of Snack Factory Buffalo Wing Pretzel Crisps
Value: 3.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/614ydj+d9JL.jpg
38576,"Item Name: Arrowhead Mills Organic Popcorn 28 oz (Pack of 36)
Value: 1008.0
Unit: Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81CEith0EoL.jpg
950,"Item Name: Primal Kitchen’s Sesame Ginger Vinaigrette & Marinade, 8 oz, Pack of 2
Bullet Point 1: Made with Avocado and Sesame Oil
Bullet Point 2: Paleo Friendly & Keto Certified
Bullet Point 3: Made Without Sunflower, Soy, Canola, or Safflower Oils
Product Description: Celebrate the savory taste of Sesame Ginger with this vinaigrette and marinade by PRIMAL KITCHEN! Get ready to wok and roll with sesame seeds, avocado oil, and organic sesame oil in this Paleo-Friendly dressing. PRIMAL KITCHEN Sesame Ginger Vinaigrette & Marinade is the perfect culinary companion for Asian cuisine, and made without refined sugars, gluten, soy ingredients, grains, or canola oil. This dressing boasts a decadent flavor profile: sweet sesame, tangy ginger, and pure avocado oil combine for a distinct, delicious taste. Real-food eating with real ingredients and real flavor.
Value: 16.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61r+dmf1Q4L.jpg
79433,"Item Name: Bc Plas Decor Tips Size 12s Betty Crocker Plastic Decorating Tips
Product Description: Betty Crocker Decorating Tips easily attach to Betty Crocker Decorating Icing tubes to create beautifully decorated desserts. Each package contains 8 different tips that can create a variety of designs- from lettering, dots, and borders to flowers and stars.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/514gA2fZKRL.jpg
66341,"Item Name: Catalina Crunch Maple Waffle Keto Cereal 9 oz (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: Catalina Crunch Maple Waffle Keto Cereal 9 oz (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 2: Manufacturer: KeHE Distributors
Bullet Point 3: Maple Waffle flavor
Bullet Point 4: Great Value
Value: 54.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ufXhi0lhL.jpg
55422,"Item Name: ORIGIN Organic & Non-GMO Lime Flavor Sparkling Water, 12 Fl Oz, Recyclable Aluminum Cans (6 Count)
Bullet Point 1: 6 PACK OF ORGANIC & NON-GMO LIME-FLAVORED SPRING WATER WITH FINE BUBBLES: 100% natural spring water, with refreshing berry flavors and fine bubbles that tingle on your tongue
Bullet Point 2: EXCEPTIONAL INGREDIENTS AND TASTE, FINE BUBBLES, RESPONSIBLY SOURCED
Bullet Point 3: REFRESHINGLY AMERICAN SPARKLING SPRING WATER: Sourced, bottled, and delivered in the United States
Bullet Point 4: ORGANIC & NON-GMO: Because we believe ingredient matter
Bullet Point 5: RESPONSIBLY SOURCED SPRING WATER: We believe in conserving our springs to bring you high quality spring water you can trust and the best ingredients to deliver a refreshing taste
Bullet Point 6: RECYCLABLE 12 OZ ALUMINUM CANS: Thoughtful premium design and recycleable can
Value: 72.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81AEbHwgjYL.jpg
182312,"Item Name: Milk Duds Theater Box 5 oz each (4 Items Per Order, not per case)
Value: 4.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/715ZoN7d3eL.jpg
866,"Item Name: Hypothermias Shaved Ice & Snow Cone Syrup - Quart (32 fl. oz) - PIña Colada - Made with Non-GMO 100% Pure Cane Sugar, No Corn Syrup - BPA-Free Recyclable Plastic Bottle
Bullet Point 1: Quart of delicious Piña Colada flavored syrup; 32 fluid ounces ready to use syrup for your snow cone machine, pour directly over ice or into beverage
Bullet Point 2: Gourmet shaved ice and snow cone syrup; crafted in small batches using only the best ingredients, such as non-GMO 100% pure cane sugar and no corn syrup
Bullet Point 3: Eco-friendly; our drink flavoring syrup comes in a recyclable, BPA-free plastic bottle
Bullet Point 4: A flavor syrup for so much more than Hawaiian 🍧 snocones; use as coffee syrup, soda flavoring, slushie and ice pop, raspado, piragua, baked goods, smoothie, cocktail syrup, water flavor
Bullet Point 5: Excellence in every sip; superior flavoring syrup made in Tucson, Arizona, USA, a UNESCO Creative City of Gastronomy, by a family-owned small business
Bullet Point 6: Caffeine Free
Product Description: Hypothermias Piña Colada Ready-to-Use Quart of Shaved Ice and Snow Cone Syrup is your go-to solution for creating delicious frozen treats at home or for your business. This quart-sized bottle contains approximately 32 fluid ounces of premium shaved ice syrup, meticulously crafted to deliver exceptional flavor with every pour. Crafted with precision and care, our premium syrup is formulated to upgrade your snowcone and shaved ice to gourmet levels. Made from non-GMO, 100% pure cane sugar and reverse osmosis water, our snow cone flavors syrup boasts a rich taste profile with absolutely no corn syrup. Made from only quality ingredients, you can trust that you're getting the best snow cone and shaved ice syrup every time. Each bottle is designed for convenient use, requiring no mixing or diluting. Simply pour over freshly shaved ice and enjoy the burst of sweetness in every bite. The quart-sized bottle ensures you have plenty on hand to satisfy your cravings or serve a crowd. But the versatility of our flavored syrup doesn't stop there. Explore endless culinary possibilities by incorporating it into baked goods, smoothies, cocktails, mocktails, slushees, or use it to flavor your water or soda. With robust flavor characteristics and smooth consistency, our snowcone syrup flavors add a delicious touch to any recipe or beverage. For optimal freshness, store the syrup in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight. With proper care, our flavoring syrup will maintain its quality and taste for an extended period of up to a year. The expiration date is clearly printed on the bottle. Experience the ultimate indulgence in frozen treats with Hypothermias Ready-to-Use Quart of Shaved Ice and Snow Cone Syrup. Upgrade your culinary creations with our premium syrup today.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71m9HQ+bojL.jpg
162209,"Item Name: Prego Traditional Pasta Sauce, 67 oz Jar
Bullet Point 1: One 67 oz jar of Prego Traditional Pasta Sauce
Bullet Point 2: Prego spaghetti sauce with thickness you can see and a taste that everyone loves
Bullet Point 3: Tomato sauce features the rich, sweet taste of vine-ripened tomatoes balanced with flavorful herbs and seasonings
Bullet Point 4: Each half cup serving of this gluten free, vegan sauce does not contain artificial colors or added MSG
Bullet Point 5: Prego sauce makes a great spaghetti sauce, bolognese sauce or base to other recipes
Value: 67.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71-vrmBX62L.jpg
287083,"Item Name: Atkinson's Jumbo Mint Sticks 36 Count Box
Bullet Point: Atkinson's Jumbo Mint Sticks 36 Count Box
Product Description: 4116839147, Atkinson Jumbo Mint Stick Peprmnt 36Ct, Size 36Ct, , Weight 0.7, 5225*
Value: 36.0
Unit: count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51q7HquiMkL.jpg
265459,"Item Name: Western Original Sweet and Smooth French Salad Dressing, 24 fl. oz.
Bullet Point 1: Contains one 24-ounce bottle of Western Original French Salad Dressing
Bullet Point 2: Enjoy a tasty blend of tomato, onion and garlic flavors for a savory twist on traditional French dressing
Bullet Point 3: Sweet, smooth flavor with a touch of tanginess adds a yummy boost to your favorite recipes
Bullet Point 4: Perfect for salads, sandwiches, marinades and dipping sauces
Bullet Point 5: Stock up on this popular pantry item for a handy go-to condiment that adds savory flavor to every dish
Value: 24.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41d+vC5XYoL.jpg
296124,"Item Name: Sargento Light Mozzarella String Cheese 12 ct
Product Description: ||Perishability: perishable ||Milk Fat Level: 2 percent ||Storage State: refrigerated ||Container Material: plastic ||Made in the USA or Imported
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71bN6sMTGoL.jpg
15509,"Item Name: Freshpet Select Multi Protein Recipe Dog Food, 1.5 Pound
Bullet Point 1: Made in the USA
Bullet Point 2: Natural US Chicken, Beef, Egg, Salmon & Veggies You Can See
Bullet Point 3: Gently Steam Cooked to Retain Essential Nutrients
Bullet Point 4: Rich in Omega 3 & 6 Fatty Acids to Support Skin and Coat
Bullet Point 5: No Meat Meals or By-Product Meals
Bullet Point 6: Vitamin and Antioxidant Rich Vegetables
Bullet Point 7: No Preservatives or Fillers
Bullet Point 8: Complete & Balanced for Small, Medium & Large Dogs
Bullet Point 9: Keep Refrigerated, Use within 7 days of opening
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Zuva32tuL.jpg
112466,"Item Name: Lifeboost Medium Roast Swiss Water Decaf Coffee Ground - Non-GMO Low Acid Single Origin USDA Decaf Organic Coffee - Third Party Tested For Mycotoxins & Pesticides - 12 Ounces
Bullet Point 1: DELICIOUS, ETHICALLY SOURCED COFFEE: This organic decaf coffee is low acid and high in flavor; The beans are sun dried, and spring water washed; The result is pure, natural coffee derived straight from nature
Bullet Point 2: GROWN IN THE MOUNTAINS OF SOUTH AMERICA: Lifeboost Single Origin Acid Free Coffee is shade grown at a high elevation in the mountains of South America; The exclusive farms that we work with are all bird friendly and each coffee bean is hand selected to ensure purity
Bullet Point 3: EASY ON THE STOMACH AND NATURALLY DECAFFEINATED: If you feel stomach discomfort or deal with teeth issues when drinking coffee then you’ll love our low acid coffee beans; We use the Swiss Water Process to naturally decaffeinate these coffee beans and retain maximum coffee flavor
Bullet Point 4: CERTIFIED ORGANIC & 3RD PARTY TESTED: Lifeboost Medium Roast Ground Decaf Coffee is Certified Organic, and 3rd Party Tested for mycotoxins, heavy metals, pesticides, and 400 other toxins; One sip of this medium roast and you'll have a hard time going back to an ordinary cup of joe
Bullet Point 5: THE LIFEBOOST PROMISE - Nothing makes us happier than hearing how much our customers love our award winning coffee. We're confident you'll be another that agrees. Try a bag of Lifeboost Coffee for 30 days, and if you don't love it (we doubt it), let us know and we'll make it right.
Product Description: organic decaf coffee low acid swiss water ground espresso process chemical free mold free stomach friendly single origin arabica decaffeinated low acid coffee swiss water process organic ground coffee decaf organic gerd reflux gentle
Value: 12.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/617hihJr5iL.jpg
101382,"Item Name: Tonnino Yellowfin Tuna fish Fillets in Premium Olive Oil 6.7oz - Gluten-Free, Omega-3 Rich, 2-Pack - High Protein, Kosher Certified, Hand-Packed, tuna packets ready to eat, Perfect tuna salad
Bullet Point 1: Healthy Body Healthy Soul: Gourmet tuna, low in sodium and cholesterol, but high on deliciousness and protein for fast weight loss. Tonnino gourmet tuna fillets will be the perfect addition to your keto diet.
Bullet Point 2: Gluten-free: Healthy and extremely tasty gourmet premium yellowfin tuna and ventresca tuna fillets, all our products are gluten-free, Dolphin safe and low mercury. Wild-caught with responsibility and hand packed. A great source of omega 3 for kids.
Bullet Point 3: Non-gmo Verified: Tonnino products are 100% Yellowfin gourmet fillets. A royalty gourmet Tuna. Our Ventresca and Olive Oil flavors are Kosher too. Enjoy the experience which only completely natural seafood and ingredients have.
Bullet Point 4: Great Gift: Tonnino tuna fillets are great options as hostess gift, for a special friend, a birthday or dinner party with friends, once you have a bite of these gourmet Tuna fillets it will be too hard to go back to regular Tuna, and they will remember who showed the real extra delicious Tonnino's taste to them.
Bullet Point 5: Ready To Enjoy: Each Pack Contains 6 Tonnino Premium Gourmet jarred tuna filets 6.7oz
Product Description: Healthy, kosher and extremely tasty gourmet premium yellowfin tuna and ventresca tuna fillets, all our products are gluten-free, Dolphin safe and low mercury. Wild caught with responsibility and hand packed. A great source of omega 3 for kids. Tonnino products are 100% Yellowfin gourmet fillets. A royalty gourmet Tuna. Enjoy the experience which only completely natural seafood and ingredients can add to any food and special plate you want to enjoy. Test your Taste. Low in fat, sodium, and cholesterol, but high on deliciousness and protein for fast weight loss. The freshness of these tasty gourmet tuna fillets will be the perfect addition for your balanced diet. Use it as the main ingredient in your salad mix, sushi rolls, sandwich, snacks, and pitas, and have yourself a healthy pleasure. The perfect mix between exquisite yellowfin tuna and the purest olive oil or spring water you’ve ever tried, let the flavor of tuna fillets in a mild and delicious jalapeño pepper sauce seduce your plate, taste the richest Mediterranean experience or give extra live to your preferred salad, sandwich, Mexican food, Tonnino goes well with everything. So simple and delicious, it’s taste fits in one word: Amazing.
Value: 13.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71-LhhYrrEL.jpg
282568,"Item Name: DeLallo Whole Wheat Spaghetti #4, 1 Pound (Pack of 16)
Bullet Point 1: Pack of sixteen, each 16-ounce (total of 256-ounce)
Bullet Point 2: 100% organic
Bullet Point 3: 100% whole grain
Value: 256.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51k779aSN-L.jpg
92557,"Item Name: KELLOGGS CEREAL IN CUP CORN POPS 1.5-oz Each ( 6 in a Pack )
Bullet Point: KELLOGGS CEREAL IN CUP CORN POPS 1.5 oz Each ( 6 in a Pack )
Product Description: 3800001467, Kel Go Pk Cup Corn Pops 6Ct, Size 6, 1.5Oz, Weight 1.5, st7105
Value: 6.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/5174Fw9KAbL.jpg
283523,"Item Name: Stash Tea Wild Raspberry Hibiscus tea - 20 Count (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point: Stash Tea
Value: 20.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71cpZz8us9L.jpg
168873,"Item Name: Cameron's Coffee Roasted Ground Coffee Bag, Jamaican Blend, 10 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: PACKAGING MAY VARY
Bullet Point 2: ALWAYS SMOOTH, NEVER BITTER: (1) 10-Ounce Bag of Ground Coffee, 100% Premium Arabica Beans, Jamaican Blend
Bullet Point 3: FULL-BODIED MEDIUM-DARK ROAST: Jamaican coffee blended with Central & South American beans brings a complex flavor and delicate spiciness with hints of chocolate to fill your morning mug
Bullet Point 4: POSITIVELY FOCUSED: From roasting in small batches to reducing water consumption, Cameron’s Coffee is committed to making every day brighter; Creating positive change means caring about our coffee, farmers and the environment
Bullet Point 5: CAMERON'S PUTS QUALITY FIRST: We choose only 100% Premium Arabica beans, hand crafted in small batches, leaving you with a craveable cup of coffee that's never over-roasted
Value: 10.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61I3PBG5jML.jpg
223932,"Item Name: Chao Sua Rice Cracker with Roasted Squid Floss Sweet Chili Flavor Baked 1.76 Oz. (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: Made with premium Thai Jasmine Rice blended with squid floss and Chao Sua's signature special sauce.
Bullet Point 2: Bite-sized crispy rice cracker has a perfect crunch with an irresistible taste you will crave!
Bullet Point 3: Using high-quality ingredients, delivering balanced nutrition and seasoning with care to create signature flavors that captivate and support a healthier lifestyle. Baked, not fried!
Bullet Point 4: Chao Sua is committed to creating snacks that not only taste amazing but also nourish toward delicious and happiness.
Bullet Point 5: Net Wt. 1.76 Oz. X 2
Bullet Point 6: Product of Thailand
Product Description: Chao Sua Rice Cracker Spicy Honey flavor is made with premium Thai Jasmine Rice blended with Squid floss and Chao Sua's signature special sauce. It's baked, not fried. This bite-sized crispy rice cracker has a perfect crunch with an irresistible taste you will crave! Chao Sua is committed to creating snacks that not only taste amazing but also nourish toward delicious and happiness. Through this unwavering dedication, Chao Sua has become the No. 1 Thai rice snack and a beloved brand across Asia. Using high-quality ingredients, delivering balanced nutrition and seasoning with care to create signature flavors that captivate and support a healthier lifestyle. Chao Sua means ""a prosperous and successful individual"" in Thai.
Value: 1.76
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81HmRBkcSyL.jpg
199772,"Item Name: KA-ME Pad Thai Express Rice Noodles 10.6 oz, Authentic Asian Ingredients and Flavors, Gluten-Free, Made of Rice, No Preservatives or MSG, Instant & Microwaveable, Includes Noodles, Sauce, Vegetables and Topping
Bullet Point 1: All natural
Bullet Point 2: Country Of Origin: Taiwan, Province Of China
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Weight: 0.67 lb
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Dimension: 7.0899999927682"" L x 5.8299999940534"" W x 1.6899999982762"" H
Product Description: Packaged Noodle Dinner Kits
Value: 5.3
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/617-IvSq-7L.jpg
33589,"Item Name: Maxwell House International Suisse Mocha Cafe Beverage Mix, Caffeinated, 7.2 oz Can (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Four 7.2 oz. canisters of Maxwell House International Suisse Mocha Café-Style Instant Coffee Beverage Mix
Bullet Point 2: Maxwell House International Suisse Mocha Café-Style Beverage Mix has a consistently great taste
Bullet Point 3: Our instant Maxwell House coffee mix has a creamy Suisse Mocha flavor that’s good to the last drop
Bullet Point 4: Easily dissolve our instant coffee beverage mix in hot water or milk without a brewer
Bullet Point 5: The smooth texture makes for the perfect coffee drink or creamer in your black Maxwell House coffee
Bullet Point 6: Packaged in a resealable canister
Bullet Point 7: Each canister makes about eight servings
Bullet Point 8: Certified Kosher instant coffee mix
Value: 28.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71rP9tBNu1S.jpg
235524,"Item Name: Frostie Orange Flavored Soda, 4 Pack, Caffeine Free, 48 Fluid Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Bullet Point: Frostie Orange Flavored Soda, 4 Pack, Caffeine Free, 48 Fluid Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Value: 288.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81N68UU9iIL.jpg
100593,"Item Name: Bizzy Organic Cold Brew Coffee | Smooth & Sweet Blend | Coarse Ground Coffee | Medium Roast | Micro Sifted | Specialty Grade | 100% Arabica | 2 LB
Bullet Point 1: Coarse ground coffee optimized for cold brew
Bullet Point 2: Micro sifted and crafted for cold brew.
Bullet Point 3: Brew your cold brew your way
Bullet Point 4: Certified USDA Organic and Kosher
Bullet Point 5: 100% Organic Arabica coffee from Central and South America
Bullet Point 6: Medium roast, with sweet, caramel, and hazelnut flavor notes
Product Description: Our Amazon bestselling coarse ground coffee is available so you can cold brew it your way! Brew 14-20 hours for the perfect cold brew, using our organic coarse ground coffee! We use 100% USDA organic certified beans, ground coarse and micro sifted for even size, so you can create the strongest, most flavorful cold brew possible.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/614TK+cUiAL.jpg
295833,"Item Name: Wonka Rainbow Nerds, 6-Ounce Packages (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Pack of twelve, 6-ounce packages (total of 72-ounces)
Bullet Point 2: One of the most well known when it comes to bite sized, hard candy
Value: 72.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91yX2nR2B3L.jpg
194828,"Item Name: Barnum's Original Animal Crackers, 12 - 1 oz Snack Packs
Bullet Point 1: Twelve 1 oz snack packs of Barnum's Original Animal Crackers
Bullet Point 2: Classic sweet flavor and a crunchy texture make these snack crackers delicious
Bullet Point 3: Circus-themed crackers come in fun animal shapes
Bullet Point 4: Sweet snacks as a good source of calcium
Bullet Point 5: Individually sealed snack packs keep animal crackers fresh
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81NdYh4WhBL.jpg
173679,"Item Name: MAPLE GROVE MIX PNCAKE BLUEBRY, 24 OZ
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61yh9nYudxL.jpg
84443,"Item Name: Redmond Real Sea Salt - Natural Unrefined Gluten Free Fine, 10 Ounce Shaker (2 Pack)
Bullet Point 1: FLAVOR – Real Salt is unlike any salt on earth. It’s subtly sweet, never bitter sea salt that makes every bite delicious. First try Real Salt, then try any other salt. The difference will amaze you!
Bullet Point 2: NATURAL – Unrefined, unprocessed and ancient sea salt with trace minerals and no additives. Natural sea salt just the way nature made it, with nothing added and nothing removed
Bullet Point 3: HEALTHY – Recommended by doctors! An ancient sea salt recommended by doctors and health professionals for its unique blend of trace minerals
Bullet Point 4: VARIETY – Variety of packaging, sizing, and salt grain size (powder, fine, kosher, coarse), suitable for different application and use. Convenient refill pouches and shakers, perfect for food storage, and excellent for travel. Makes a practical and memorable gift for an individual or a whole family
Bullet Point 5: MINED IN USA – Mined in Utah since 1958 from an ancient seabed protected from modern pollution. Compared to Himalayan, Celtic, Tibetan, Malaysian, French, Hawaiian, Irish, and Marine Sea Salts, Real Salt means fewer food miles, ethical labor standards, and sustainable practices along with its addictive sweet-salt taste. The only American Pink and Black Salt.
Value: 20.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81kyqtw8lIL.jpg
19827,"Item Name: Crazy Go Nuts Walnuts - Banana, 1.25 oz (12-Pack) - Healthy Snacks, Vegan, Gluten Free, Superfood - Natural, Non-GMO, ALA, Omega 3 Fatty Acids, Good Fats, and Antioxidants
Bullet Point 1: BANANA WALNUTS - A sweet walnut snack with a natural banana coating made with real bananas and a touch of cane sugar. If you like banana bread, you’ll love these banana walnut snacks. No harsh flavorings.
Bullet Point 2: SIMPLE INGREDIENTS - These walnut snacks contain no added colors, fillers, preservatives, corn-syrup, or funny business. We are a walnut snack company that prides itself on simple, recognizable ingredients without sacrificing great taste!
Bullet Point 3: OTHER FLAVORS - Our delicious walnut snacks are also available in Buffalo, Chocolate Espresso, Coconut, Garlic Parmesan, Maple, Oatmeal Cookie, Sea Salt, Sweet & Spicy, Hawaiian BBQ. and Rosemary Pink Salt
Bullet Point 4: WALNUTS - English walnuts are known for their extraordinary benefits, thanks to their high omega-3 ALA and antioxidant content! For more info, visit our friends at California Walnuts
Bullet Point 5: CALIFORNIA SOURCED - Proudly made with 100% California walnuts of the most recent crop. All of our walnut snacks are made in our own manufacturing facility in California. We don’t process any other nuts besides coconut (for our coconut flavored walnut products).
Product Description: <p><strong>Banana Walnut Snack:</strong> A deliciously sweet glazed walnut snack with a natural banana coating made with real bananas and a touch of cane sugar. If you like banana bread, you’ll love these banana walnut snacks.</p><p>Includes:</p><ul><li>1.25 oz bags</li><li>12 bags included</li><li>220 calories per serving, each bag contains 1 serving</li><li>Serving Size: 1.25 oz (35g)</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>How it All Began:</strong> Crazy Go Nuts started in late 2013 with 32 burlap sacks of uncracked walnuts.</p><p><strong>If You Build It, They Will Come:</strong> After receiving an email from her father about the 1200 pounds of walnuts he had picked on his small Lake County, CA farm, co-owner Courtney Carini decided to expand upon a decades-old family recipe. She and co-owner David Wolfe then created six more recipes, and several weeks of trial and error later they had what was the beginning of Crazy Go Nuts!</p><p><strong>Why Walnuts? We'll Tell You Why: </strong>Walnuts are a superfood, and one of the healthiest things you can put in your body. Look it up, you've got Google. Also, they're delicious and part of our unique brand. Go ahead, try to find someone else who's doing what we're doing. If you do, please let us know so we can sue them. We're extremely litigious. It's the American way.</p><p><strong>Don't Forget:</strong> When you buy our products, you're supporting a small business. There's nothing crazy about that!</p>
Value: 15.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81tg3jo0fvL.jpg
159217,"Item Name: La Preferida Nacho Cheese Sauce, 15 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Deliciously Creamy: La Preferida Nacho Cheese Sauce offers a rich and velvety texture, perfect for dipping, drizzling, or adding to your favorite recipes.
Bullet Point 2: Convenient Size: Comes in a 15-ounce can, making it ideal for small gatherings, family meals, or a quick snack.
Bullet Point 3: Versatile Usage: Great for nachos, tacos, burritos, pasta, or as a flavorful base for casseroles and dips.
Bullet Point 4: Ready to Serve: Easy to heat and serve, saving you time in the kitchen without compromising on taste.
Bullet Point 5: Authentic Flavor: Crafted with a blend of real cheese and spices, delivering a bold, satisfying taste that's true to Mexican cuisine.
Product Description: Our gluten-free Zesty Nacho Cheese Sauce is a party-planning dream. This heat and serve staple pairs perfectly with jalapeños, tomatoes, and diced green chiles for a spicy dip, or simply pour over your favorite chips. Mix our creamy canned nacho cheese sauce with your favorite salsa and drizzle over stuffed bell peppers, tacos, or tostadas for an extra kick.
Value: 15.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71RGGabCggL.jpg
200101,"Item Name: Jif Chocolate Peanut Butter, 15 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: CONTAINS: 1 jar (15 oz.) of Jif Peanut Butter & Chocolate flavored spread
Bullet Point 2: SWEET & SALTY HARMONY: The creamy, peanutty goodness of Jif peanut butter combined with the sweetness of a chocolate flavored spread
Bullet Point 3: ENJOY AS A DIP, SPREAD, FROSTING AND MORE: A thick, smooth texture makes it perfect for countless kinds of snacks, smoothies and recipes
Bullet Point 4: CONVENIENT: Easily add more “yum” to whatever you have handy — fruit, pretzels, crackers, rice cakes, oatmeal, yogurt, etc. — or simply savor a spoonful
Bullet Point 5: SNAP and EBT Eligible Food Item
Bullet Point 6: A TREAT THAT’S TOTALLY WORTH IT: Contains 50 percent less sugar than the leading hazelnut spread with cocoa (see nutrition information for total fat and saturated fat content)
Value: 15.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71S5kAXdh3L.jpg
40815,"Item Name: Sour Strawberry Licorice Laces (2 lb. bag) - 2 lb. bag
Bullet Point 1: Sour Strawberry flavored long licorice laces Also called as shoe string licorice
Bullet Point 2: Each sugar sanded licorice candy strand measures 30""~ 36"" long approximately.
Bullet Point 3: Fun to eat, fun to play!
Bullet Point 4: There are approximately 50 licorice laces per pound. Bag contains 2 Lb. of Gustaf's Licorice Laces.
Bullet Point 5: Made in Holland.
Product Description: Check out these succulent sour strawberry laces!<P>These just explode with flavor as well as color!<P>Just the right of amount of sweet and sour in these soft and yummy licorice laces!<P>Beautiful pinkish red candy color will look amazing in any candy tray!<P>Approx. 50 laces per pound. Lace Length: 36"". Sold in 2 lb. bags
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/810SSB+T8zL.jpg
106079,"Item Name: Walkers' Nonsuch Milk Chocolate Éclairs | Whole Milk & Butter Toffee | Traditional British Chewy Candy | Classic English Sweet Gift | Imported from UK | 5.29 Oz (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: Classic British Indulgence: A quintessential British treat, the Milk Chocolate Eclair offers a timeless taste experience
Bullet Point 2: Perfect Harmony of Textures: The satisfying crunch of the eclair shell provides a delightful contrast to the smooth, rich milk chocolate filling
Bullet Point 3: Decadent Chocolate Flavor: Crafted with high quality milk and butter, each bite delivers an intense, indulgent experience
Bullet Point 4: Versatile Treat: Enjoy as an afternoon pick me up, a dessert centerpiece, or a shared delight with friends and family
Bullet Point 5: Gluten Free: The milk chocolate eclairs has no gluten and gelatine, it also suitable for vegetarians
Product Description: Indulge in the epitome of British confectionery with Walkers Nonsuch Milk Chocolate Eclair
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81qt2t-kr2L.jpg
287913,"Item Name: Magic Seasoning Blends Salmon Magic Seasoning Blend, 24-Ounce Canister (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Pack of four, 24-Ounce (total of 96-Ounces)
Bullet Point 2: Perfect for sprinkling on fries, salads, eggs or pasta
Bullet Point 3: All natural
Value: 96.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/916ejnfR2oL.jpg
286246,"Item Name: Berry Colossal Crunch Cereal, 1-Ounce Bowls (Pack of 96)
Bullet Point 1: Pack of 96, 1-ounce (total of 96-ounce)
Bullet Point 2: Contains traces of soyabean and wheat
Bullet Point 3: Contains natural and artificial berry flavours
Value: 96.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/818FrAd7SNS.jpg
230574,"Item Name: MadeGood Morning Chocolate Chip Bars, 5ct/5.3oz, Organic Snacks
Bullet Point 1: Nutritious morning bars made with wholesome ingredients: gluten-free, ethically sourced oats and blueberries.
Bullet Point 2: The perfectly shareable snack, MadeGood Morning Bars are free from the top 8 allergens and made in a dedicated nut-free facility.
Bullet Point 3: Contains nutrients from six different vegetable extracts.
Bullet Point 4: MadeGood Morning Bars make an awesome on-the-go snack before work, school or exercise.
Bullet Point 5: Enjoy 5 (1.06 oz) individually wrapped Chocolate Chip Morning Bars that will keep you fuller, for longer.
Value: 5.3
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71yFuuTHuAL.jpg
73645,"Item Name: Fanale Premium Flavoring Concentrated Syrup for Bubble Tea 11 lb | Green Apple Flavor Syrup | for Boba Tea, Smoothies, Slushes, Desserts | 11lb | SRP060
Bullet Point 1: Enhanced Beverage Experience Elevate your drinks with rich taste, the perfect addition to every drink. Indulge in a delightful drinking experience by adding Concentrated Syrup to your coffee & cocktails. Enhance the depth and complexity of your favorite beverages with our fruit syrup for drinks with enticing flavors
Bullet Point 2: Versatile Culinary Use Our drink-flavoring syrups are also ideal for baking, cooking, and beverages like smoothies and desserts. Unleash your culinary creativity with Fanale Syrup. If you’re baking, cooking, or mixing up smoothies and desserts, this versatile syrup for drinks adds sweetness to elevate your dishes
Bullet Point 3: Inspire Creativity Try out new recipes using this syrup as a base for unique flavor combinations. Let your imagination run wild in the kitchen with our organic flavor syrup. Use it as a foundation for creating innovative recipes and intriguing fruit syrup combinations that will surprise and delight your taste buds
Bullet Point 4: Exceptional Taste Enjoy authentic and robust flavored syrup that enhances any dish or drink. Savor a rich and authentic taste of our Fanale syrup. Each drop of our sugar syrups is bursting with freshness, each enhancing the profile of any dish or drink, from beverages to desserts, with its exceptional depth
Bullet Point 5: Premium Quality Assurance Trust in consistent, high-quality results with this simple syrup for smoothies. Rest assured knowing that every Syrup bottle is crafted with care and precision to deliver consistent, high-quality results. Elevate your culinary creations confidently with our premium sugar syrup
Value: 176.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61GfklEHilL.jpg
56580,"Item Name: Lola Savannah Taste of Texas Whole Bean Caffeinated Coffee, 2lb
Bullet Point 1: PREMIUM COFFEE BEANS - We are proud to offer only the finest ingredients in our signature blends and small batch roasting at our Texas facility to deliver fresh, quality, and gourmet specialty coffees
Bullet Point 2: We combine our best Arabica beans with Southern pecan, dark chocolate, and creamy caramel flavorings and then top it off with real pecan pieces.
Bullet Point 3: JUMP START YOUR MIND - Our coffee is caffeinated just right to wake up your mind making you alert and ready to take the day; Brew your artisan coffee in a french press, pour-over, or coffee pot
Bullet Point 4: TREAT YOURSELF - To a well rounded, rich cup of coffee with irresistible aromas and heavenly flavors; Lola Savannah promises a sophisticated coffee experience with their premium ingredients and love for the craft
Bullet Point 5: ROASTED TO PERFECTION - We understand the art & the science of crafting exquisite coffee ranging from light, medium, and dark roasts with organic beans, flavored coffees to rich, bold blends
Product Description: We combine our best Arabica beans with Southern pecan, dark chocolate, and creamy caramel flavorings and then top it off with real pecan pieces.
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81fyKp9-S-L.jpg
185057,"Item Name: Simply Organic Parsley Flakes Cut & Sifted ORGANIC 0.26 oz. Bottle - 3PC
Value: 0.78
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61tTdLLpdtL.jpg
110193,"Item Name: Keto Sprinkles, 6 oz. Larger Value Size, Dye Free, Non-GMO, Plant-Based, Vegan, Gluten Free, All Natural, No Artificial Coloring, Sugar Free Sprinkles, 1g Net Carb (Rainbow, 4 Pack)
Bullet Point 1: LARGER VALUE SIZE: The People’s Keto Company Sprinkles are packaged in a 6 oz. resealable pouch for 48 servings.
Bullet Point 2: ALL NATURAL, CLEAN INGREDIENTS, NO ARTIFICIAL COLORING, MALTITOL FREE: Our Sprinkles contain no preservatives and are dye free and are naturally colored. Our sprinkles do not cause any GI discomfort and are sweetened with Erythritol and Stevia. This product is MALTITOL FREE.
Bullet Point 3: KETO-FRIENDLY, NO ADDED SUGAR, AND LOW IN CARBS: These sprinkles are sweetened with Stevia and Erythritol with ZERO added sugar! Only 1g net carbs per serving!
Bullet Point 4: GLUTEN FREE, VEGAN, AND NON-GMO: Our Sprinkles are free of Gluten and contains no animal product! This product is non-GMO and is 100% plant-based.
Bullet Point 5: HIGHLY VERSATILE: The People’s Keto Company Sprinkles are all-purpose and can be used hundreds of different ways! Great with cookies, brownies, muffins, ice cream and more. Does not lose its color when baked.
Product Description: The People’s Keto Company Sprinkles are all natural, gluten free, plant-based, and are made with no added sugar. Sweetened with Erythritol and Stevia, these Sprinkles will add that extra flair to your baked goods, brownies, ice cream, yogurt, and so much more without the guilt. Our Sprinkles contain no funky ingredients and are dye free and naturally colored.<br><br> RAINBOW SPRINKLES INGREDIENTS: Erythritol, Stevia, Tapioca Starch, Coconut Oil, Cellulose, Natural Colors (Turmeric, Vegetable Juice, and Paprika), Citric Acid. <br><br>CHOCOLATE SPRINKLES INGREDIENTS: Erythritol, Stevia, Tapioca Starch, Coconut Oil, Cocoa, Cellulose, Natural Colors.<br><br>
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71fwtnNe5EL.jpg
265456,"Item Name: Duncan Hines Wilderness More Apple Fruit Pie Filling & Topping, 21 Oz Can
Bullet Point 1: Perfect filling for pies or as a delicious topping for desserts
Bullet Point 2: Made from the freshest fruits
Bullet Point 3: Delivers homemade taste and quality
Bullet Point 4: No high fructose corn syrup
Bullet Point 5: Simple ingredients the family will love
Value: 21.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81q00ISHiJL.jpg
272119,"Item Name: NOW Cat's Claw Extract,120 Capsules
Bullet Point 1: Uña de Gato
Bullet Point 2: Standardized Extract
Value: 120.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71nz9hVx56L.jpg
73684,"Item Name: Monster Energy Rehab Tea + Lemonade + Energy, Energy Iced Tea, Energy Drink 15.5 Ounce (Pack of 15)
Bullet Point 1: TEA plus ENERGY | Rehab Monster Tea plus Lemonade: REFRESH plus RECOVER plus REVIVE, or in other words, Re-habilitate with a killer mix of tea, lemonade, electrolytes, and our bad-ass Monster Rehab energy blend. Rehab Monster Tea plus Lemonade delivers on 160mg of caffeine and is only 25 calories per can.
Bullet Point 2: REHAB THE BEAST | You crack open a Rehab Monster Tea plus Lemonade and let the lemon-infused electrolytes, vitamins, and botanicals work their life-giving, hydration magic. Congrats, You’re back from the dead.
Bullet Point 3: STOCK UP WITH A 15 PACK | For those looking for an energy drink that’s non-carbonated, has only 25 calories per can, and contains Monster Rehab’s Energy Blend, Rehab Monster Tea plus Lemonade is available in a convenient 15 pack.
Bullet Point 4: Due to new FDA nutrition labeling requirements, product labels may vary from those pictured
Value: 232.5
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61kds9QMkLL.jpg
84917,"Item Name: Guerrero Corn King Size De Maiz Estilo Ranchero Tortillas, 30ct
Product Description: Tortillas
Value: 35.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51oSuq+xMRL.jpg
254051,"Item Name: Eagle Brand Fat Free Sweetened Condensed Milk 14 Oz Cans
Bullet Point: Pack of 3 Pull-tab Cans
Product Description: Net weight 14 ounce per can (396 grams)
Value: 42.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/716KygCzzKL.jpg
213640,"Item Name: Doughy Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, 6 OZ
Product Description: Grocery Dairy
Value: 6.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71PeKMdjDQL.jpg
5941,"Item Name: Kellogg's Raisin Bran Crunch Breakfast Cereal, Original, 22.5 oz, Pack of 16
Bullet Point 1: A healthy breakfast cereal that's bursting with delicious raisins and crunchy oat clusters in every irresistible spoonful
Bullet Point 2: Start your day with crispy toasted bran and oat flakes balanced with the satisfying goodness of sweet raisins
Bullet Point 3: Low fat; With 17 grams of whole grain; Good source of fiber and 6 essential vitamins and minerals per serving; No artificial colors or flavors; No high fructose corn syrup; Contains wheat ingredients; Kosher pareve
Bullet Point 4: A heart-healthy cereal that's sure to please the whole family (while many factors affect heart disease, diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol may reduce the risk of heart disease)
Bullet Point 5: Includes 16, 22.5-ounce box of convenient, ready-to-eat cereal; Packaged for freshness and great taste
Value: 360.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/915xvjE+0WL.jpg
192025,"Item Name: Food to Live Organic Cacao Nibs, 8 Pounds – Unsweetened, Non-GMO, Kosher, Raw, Vegan, Sirtfood, Bulk
Bullet Point 1: ✔️RICH IN ANTIOXIDANTS: Organic Cacao Nibs from Food To Live are packed with flavonoids that are great for you.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️SOURCE OF IRON AND MAGNESIUM: Organic cacao nibs contain lots of iron, magnesium, manganese, phosphorus, and fiber.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️DELICIOUS CHOCOLATE CHIPS SUBSTITUTE: Use organic cacao nibs to replace sweet chocolate chips as they are healthier.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️MILDLY ENERGIZING: The cacao nibs caffeine content is low, but they still have a mild invigorating effect.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️INGREDIENT FOR SWEET AND SAVORY FOODS: Use organic cacao nibs in baked goods, salads, desserts, smoothies, and stews.
Value: 128.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/8150OJ-3fNL.jpg
295491,"Item Name: Cascadian Farm Organic Purely O's Cereal, 8.6-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: Item Package Length: 10.414cm
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Width: 28.702cm
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Height: 42.418cm
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Weight: 1.361kg
Value: 34.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71xBK5a12aL.jpg
14394,"Item Name: Nightingale Silver Tips White Tea With Butterfly Pea Flower (30Gms Loose Leaf Tin)
Value: 7.0548
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61MTkarPcGL.jpg
219359,"Item Name: Dubliner Cheese, 1.75 lbs.
Bullet Point: Origin: Made in Ireland using milk from grass-fed cows. Flavor Profile: Combines cheddar, Swiss, and Parmesan elements with a nutty, sweet, and tangy taste, featuring a hint of butterscotch. Texture: Semi-hard, smooth yet crumbly, ideal for slicing, shredding, or melting. Uses: Perfect for snacking, wine pairings, or in recipes like sandwiches, casseroles, and soups. Popularity: Loved globally for its unique flavor and premium quality.
Product Description: cheese has a wonderful flavor that can be enjoyed out of hand. It also pairs well with assorted fruits, bread or crackers as part of a cheese plate. As for beverages to accompany it, a Zinfandel wine or a Guinness beer brings out the subtle flavors of the cheese. high quality have made it a favorite among cheese lovers worldwide.
Value: 28.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/415pwQnV2ZL.jpg
292038,"Item Name: Myojo Udon Japanese Style Noodles with Soup Base, Oriental Flavor, 7.23-Ounce Bag (Pack of 15)
Bullet Point 1: Product of USA
Bullet Point 2: Oriental flavor
Value: 108.3
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81iqi1O7J4L.jpg
236046,"Item Name: Nestle Chunky Peanut, Chocolate, Raisins Candy Bar 1.4 oz. - Total Qty: 24
Bullet Point 1: Chocolate Peanut Candy Bars: Contains 24 individually wrapped chocolate and peanut butter bars
Bullet Point 2: Individually Wrapped: Each bar is individually wrapped for freshness and convenience
Bullet Point 3: Nutrition Facts: 24 bars total, 1.4 oz each, 160 calories per bar
Bullet Point 4: Nestle Brand: Made by Nestle, a trusted brand since 1866
Bullet Point 5: Perfect for Gifts: Great for birthdays, holidays, or any special occasion
Value: 24.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61DNCZI5USL.jpg
219569,"Item Name: Coronado, Paleton, 10 Count
Product Description: Suckers And Lollipops
Value: 10.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71NIexlapEL.jpg
251251,"Item Name: Master Of Mixes Pina Colada Mix, 1.75 Liter Bottle
Bullet Point 1: Country Of Origin: United States
Bullet Point 2: Model Number: 70491212831
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Dimension: 12.45"" L x 4.2"" W x 4.2"" H
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Weight: 4.704999206 lb
Value: 59.2
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51AdPL3nOKL.jpg
193520,"Item Name: Crest ProHealth Multi-Protection Alcohol Free Mouthwash Clean Mint 500 mL
Bullet Point 1: 99% Germ kill and a healthier mouth Gingivitis reduction vs. brushing with regular toothpaste
Bullet Point 2: Kills millions of germs that cause plaque, gingivitis and bad breath without the burn of alcohol
Bullet Point 3: 24 hour protection with 2x daily use** ** Fights plaque & gingivitis
Bullet Point 4: Rinsing everyday helps prevent gingivitis
Bullet Point 5: Helps you get better dental check-ups** **Fights plaque & gingivitis
Value: 16.9
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81TmCeU+BHL.jpg
153393,"Item Name: Froot Loops Breakfast Cereal, Single-Serve 1.5oz Cup, 6/Box
Bullet Point: Individual servings, super-size-to-go cups.
Product Description: <b>Kellogg’s - Froot Loops Breakfast Cereal, Single-Serve 1.5oz Cup, 6 Cups/Box</b><br>Individual servings, super-size-to-go cups. Food Type: Breakfast Cereal; Flavor: Froot Loops; Capacity (Weight): 1 1/2 oz.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41-fxkliSZL.jpg
112673,"Item Name: McCormick Perfect Pinch Rotisserie Chicken Seasoning, 5 oz
Bullet Point 1: Perfect Pinch Rotisserie Chicken Seasoning is a savory seasoning for chicken
Bullet Point 2: A blend of onion, spices and garlic
Bullet Point 3: For slow-roasted flavor and a golden appearance without using a rotisserie
Bullet Point 4: For whole chicken, chicken parts, salmon, pork and chicken salad
Bullet Point 5: Gluten free; no MSG added
Value: 5.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81v7eNwrerL.jpg
66961,"Item Name: Segafredo Zanetti Forte Espresso Capsules, Extra Dark Roast, Intensity 12, Compatible with Nespresso Original Machines, 10 Count Aluminum Pods
Bullet Point 1: SEGAFREDO ZANETTI’S ESPRESSO – The new premium line of Nespresso compatible espresso includes a rich taste, smooth crema, and delicious aroma resulting in an exceptional coffee adventure that can be made right in your very own kitchen.
Bullet Point 2: FORTE EXTRA DARK ROAST – This blend includes dark chocolate, smoky, and toasted tasting notes with an intense and persistent personality for our darkest and most intense espresso offering (intensity 12).
Bullet Point 3: ALUMINUM CAPSULES – Our aluminum capsules provide high-quality extraction and an intensely authentic espresso experience. 10 aluminum capsules are included in each box.
Bullet Point 4: EXPERTLY CRAFTED QUALITY – The highest quality beans from around the world are sourced and roasted to carefully orchestrate our espresso blends. You’ll taste our enthusiasm for making exceptional coffee in every cup.
Bullet Point 5: MORE THAN A CUP OF COFFEE – Expertly crafted Segafredo Zanetti blends are available all over the world, from cafes in Europe to your very own kitchen. Because to us, it’s more than a cup of coffee. It’s an experience to be enjoyed.
Value: 10.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/5178HoHd7sL.jpg
59610,"Item Name: Frito-Lay Classic Mix Variety Pack Cube 28ct
Bullet Point 1: 28 Count Mix Includes: Lay's Classic Potato Chips, Lay's Barbecue Flavored Potato Chips, Doritos Cool Ranch Tortilla Chips, Doritos Nacho Cheese Potato Chips, Cheetos Crunchy, Ruffles Potato Chips, Fritos Original, & Smartfood White Cheddar Flavored Popcorn
Bullet Point 2: You’ll have at least one of each item featured on the packaging, but due to unprecedented supply chain challenges the exact mix will vary
Bullet Point 3: All your faves are here! But some item counts will vary
Bullet Point 4: Individual portions are perfect for portion control and snacking on-the-go
Bullet Point 5: Easy to store, easy to carry and even easier to pack, when adventure knocks, grab a pack and hit the road
Value: 27.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/814GESIsjFL.jpg
187539,"Item Name: Traeger Pellet Grills SPC170 Chicken Rub with Citrus and Black Pepper
Bullet Point 1: Sweet & savory flavors that pair perfectly with chicken
Bullet Point 2: Notes of citrus, black pepper, paprika, & onion
Bullet Point 3: Kosher, GMO-free, & gluten-free
Bullet Point 4: Packaged in a stackable aluminum 9oz tin
Value: 9.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81kfn-1i9VL.jpg
196138,"Item Name: Ambangulu Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 510216) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Ambangulu Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 510216)
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 8 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Ambangulu Tea (Loose) (8 oz, ZIN: 510216)<BR><BR>Packaged in the United States in a GMP certified facility (Good Manufacturing Practice).<BR><BR>No fillers.<BR><BR>Manufacturer: TerraVita<BR><BR>Size: 8 oz<BR><BR>Loose Leaf Herbal Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!<BR><BR>Ingredients: Black Tea
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81h9QV6lLRL.jpg
27796,"Item Name: Pillsbury Cinnamon Rolls with Icing 8 ct
Bullet Point 1: MADE WITH REAL CINNAMON: Easily serve up smiles throughout the season with oven-fresh cinnamon rolls made with real cinnamon and premade icing
Bullet Point 2: EASY TO BAKE: Pop open canned cinnamon rolls, cook in an oven or air fryer, and finish with sweet icing; A tasty addition to fall celebrations, Thanksgiving food spread, holiday party desserts and more
Bullet Point 3: QUICK RECIPES: Follow easy Pillsbury recipes to make festive breakfast time dishes for family or gift basket treats for friends using our refrigerated cinnamon roll dough
Bullet Point 4: EASY AS PILLSBURY: Beyond cinnamon rolls, let Pillsbury make all your holiday baking more convenient with crescent rolls, cookie dough, pie crust, and more
Bullet Point 5: CONTAINS: One 12.4 oz can of Pillsbury Cinnamon Roll Refrigerated Dough with Original Icing; Makes 8 rolls
Bullet Point 6: BOX TOPS FOR EDUCATION PARTICIPATING PRODUCT: Give back to schools with Pillsbury; Download the Box Tops App to learn more & start earning cash for your school or a school in need
Product Description: Make seasonal gatherings a success with warm, hit-the-spot Pillsbury Cinnamon Rolls made with real cinnamon. Simply pop, place, and bake cinnamon roll dough in an oven or air fryer. Then finish with our original icing. In minutes, you’ll have an irresistible addition to a festive family breakfast or holiday brunch. Use Pillsbury recipes to turn this refrigerated dough into sweet sensations like our Cinnamon Roll Waffle Dippers or Overnight Cinnamon Roll French Toast Bake. Whip up desserts or baked snacks for holiday guests like Cinnamon Roll-Topped Cobbler or Cinnamon Roll Dutch Apple Pie. Serve the warm, freshly baked taste of Pillsbury Cinnamon Rolls alongside Pillsbury Cookies at your Thanksgiving food table. Give cinnamon rolls in a food gift basket to spread cheer to teachers, co-workers and neighbors. One can makes 8 rolls. At Pillsbury, we strive to make homemade moments extra special through our products and recipes, which help make cooking and baking easy, affordable and convenient for even the busiest families. Make seasonal gatherings a success with warm, hit-the-spot Pillsbury Cinnamon Rolls made with real cinnamon. Simply pop, place, and bake cinnamon roll dough in an oven or air fryer. Then finish with our original icing. In minutes, you’ll have an irresistible addition to a festive family breakfast or holiday brunch. Use Pillsbury recipes to turn this refrigerated dough into sweet sensations like our Cinnamon Roll Waffle Dippers or Overnight Cinnamon Roll French Toast Bake. Whip up desserts or baked snacks for holiday guests like Cinnamon Roll-Topped Cobbler or Cinnamon Roll Dutch Apple Pie. Serve the warm, freshly baked taste of Pillsbury Cinnamon Rolls alongside Pillsbury Cookies at your Thanksgiving food table. Give cinnamon rolls in a food gift basket to spread cheer to teachers, co-workers and neighbors. One can makes 8 rolls. At Pillsbury, we strive to make homemade moments extra special through our products and recipes, which help make cooking and baking easy, affordable and convenient for even the busiest families. About This Item MADE WITH REAL CINNAMON: Easily serve up smiles throughout the season with oven-fresh cinnamon rolls made with real cinnamon and premade icing EASY TO BAKE: Pop open canned cinnamon rolls, cook in an oven or air fryer, and finish with sweet icing; A tasty addition to fall celebrations, Thanksgiving food spread, holiday party desserts and more QUICK RECIPES: Follow easy Pillsbury recipes to make festive breakfast time dishes for family or gift basket treats for friends using our refrigerated cinnamon roll dough EASY AS PILLSBURY: Beyond cinnamon rolls, let Pillsbury make all your holiday baking more convenient with crescent rolls, cookie dough, pie crust, and more CONTAINS: One 12.4 oz can of Pillsbury Cinnamon Roll Refrigerated Dough with Original Icing; Makes 8 rolls BOX TOPS FOR EDUCATION PARTICIPATING PRODUCT: Give back to schools with Pillsbury; Download the Box Tops App to learn more & start earning cash for your school or a school in need Ingredients Ingredients: Enriched Flour Bleached (wheat flour, niacin, ferrous sulfate, thiamin mononitrate, riboflavin, folic acid), Water, Sugar, Palm and Soybean Oil, Dextrose, Wheat Starch. Contains 2% or less of: Baking Powder (sodium acid pyrophosphate, baking soda), Palm Kernel Oil, Salt, Modified Whey, Corn Syrup Solids, Cinnamon, Monoglycerides, Xanthan Gum, Potassium Sorbate (preservative), Polysorbate 60, Corn Starch, Natural and Artificial Flavor, Annatto Extract (for color). Allergy Information CONTAINS WHEAT AND MILK INGREDIENTS. Prep Instructions HEAT oven to 400°F (or 375°F for nonstick pan). GREASE round cake pan. PLACE rolls in pan, cinnamon topping up. BAKE 13 to 17 minutes or until golden brown. SPREAD with icing. FASTER BAKE METHOD: Place rolls 2 inches apart on greased cookie sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes at temperature above. HEAT oven to 400°F (or 375°F for nonstick pan). GREASE round cake pan. PLACE rolls in pan, cinnamon topping up. BAKE 13 to 17 minutes or until golden brown. SPREAD with icing. FASTER BAKE METHOD: Place rolls 2 inches apart on greased cookie sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes at temperature above.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/616azfoVQGL.jpg
192821,"Item Name: Coolbreeze® Beverages Premium Frozen Drink Machine Mix - Flavor Syrups, Smoothie Blends - Shelf Stable, Ready To Use, Made with Real Fruit - One 1/2 Gallon Bottle - Kiwi
Bullet Point 1: Kiwi Mix
Bullet Point 2: Taste Great
Bullet Point 3: Makes 3 Gallons
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61jy6OlIrxL.jpg
217441,"Item Name: CHR HSY Candy Cane KISSES LDB, 16 oz.
Bullet Point: CHR HSY Candy Cane KISSES LDB, 16 oz., 24 ct., DRC
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71K8gks9uuL.jpg
106554,"Item Name: illy Whole Bean Coffee - Perfectly Roasted Whole Coffee Beans – Guatemala Dark Roast - with Notes of Chocolate – Complex & Balanced - 100% Arabica Coffee - No Preservatives – 8.8 Ounce, 6 Pack
Bullet Point 1: FULL-FLAVORED ILLY WHOLE BEAN COFFEE - Start your adventure with fresh coffee beans that are complex and balanced with notes of chocolate
Bullet Point 2: PREPARE COFFEE WITH EASE - Evoke a classic Italian beverage at any time. Coffee is to be freshly prepared and enjoyed immediately. Create the finest coffee experience in the comfort of your home
Bullet Point 3: FLAVORFUL & FRESH - Over the years, illy has perfected the roasting process to obtain a coffee with a rich aromatic profile, balanced flavor and a one-of-a-kind aroma of arabica coffee beans
Bullet Point 4: WE BRING THE TASTE OF ITALY TO YOU - We’ve spent eight decades refining a singular, signature blend celebrated over the world as the pinnacle of what whole bean coffee can be
Bullet Point 5: SUSTAINABILITY IS OUR VISION - We pride ourselves on the constant focus on our environment and the community. We are part of a global movement with a common goal: to pave the way for a better, more liveable and more enlightened world
Value: 52.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71d+DttGLFL.jpg
203432,"Item Name: Yellowstone Brown Sugar Bourbon Marinade 1.25 oz
Bullet Point 1: Brown Sugar Bourbon Marinade 1.25 oz
Bullet Point 2: Packed in the USA
Value: 1.25
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81D-CpuxsZL.jpg
73634,"Item Name: Fanale Premium Flavoring Concentrated Syrup for Bubble Tea 11 lb | Kiwi Flavor Syrup | for Boba Tea, Smoothies, Slushes, Desserts | 11lb | SRP090
Bullet Point 1: Enhanced Beverage Experience Elevate your drinks with rich taste, the perfect addition to every drink. Indulge in a delightful drinking experience by adding Concentrated Syrup to your coffee & cocktails. Enhance the depth and complexity of your favorite beverages with our fruit syrup for drinks with enticing flavors
Bullet Point 2: Versatile Culinary Use Our drink-flavoring syrups are also ideal for baking, cooking, and beverages like smoothies and desserts. Unleash your culinary creativity with Fanale Syrup. If you’re baking, cooking, or mixing up smoothies and desserts, this versatile syrup for drinks adds sweetness to elevate your dishes
Bullet Point 3: Inspire Creativity Try out new recipes using this syrup as a base for unique flavor combinations. Let your imagination run wild in the kitchen with our organic flavor syrup. Use it as a foundation for creating innovative recipes and intriguing fruit syrup combinations that will surprise and delight your taste buds
Bullet Point 4: Exceptional Taste Enjoy authentic and robust flavored syrup that enhances any dish or drink. Savor a rich and authentic taste of our Fanale syrup. Each drop of our sugar syrups is bursting with freshness, each enhancing the profile of any dish or drink, from beverages to desserts, with its exceptional depth
Bullet Point 5: Premium Quality Assurance Trust in consistent, high-quality results with this simple syrup for smoothies. Rest assured knowing that every Syrup bottle is crafted with care and precision to deliver consistent, high-quality results. Elevate your culinary creations confidently with our premium sugar syrup
Value: 176.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61jDjBVidZL.jpg
53665,"Item Name: Swanson Beef Broth, 32 oz. Carton (2-Pack)
Value: 2.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/616LHg9Z9CL.jpg
226789,"Item Name: Banyan Botanicals Turmeric Ghee – Cultured Grass-Fed Organic Ghee (Clarified Butter) with Turmeric & Ginger – Oil & Butter Alternative for Cooking & Baking – 5.65 oz – Non-GMO Gluten Free Vegetarian
Bullet Point 1: GHEE IS A HEALTHY BUTTER ALTERNATIVE, also known as clarified butter. With a high smoke point, it is ideal for sautéing, frying, and baking and can be used in place of oil and butter in your favorite meals and recipes.
Bullet Point 2: DELICATELY SPICED WITH ORGANIC TURMERIC, this ghee is carefully made in small batches from butter that comes from happy, healthy, grass-fed and pastured cows. The result is a luscious organic, cultured ghee with spices, including a hint of ginger, black pepper, and pippali in addition to turmeric root.
Bullet Point 3: THIS LIGHTLY FLAVORED GHEE is versatile and easy to use. It makes a wonderful butter alternative for popcorn, a satisfying spread for toast or pastries, and a healthy addition to bulletproof coffee.
Bullet Point 4: BANYAN BOTANICALS is committed to producing the highest quality Ayurvedic products using USDA certified organic herbs that are sustainably sourced and fairly traded. All our products are 3rd party tested to ensure product quality and safety.
Bullet Point 5: THE BANYAN GUARANTEE: If for any reason you’re not satisfied with one of our products, we will gladly accept returns for a full product refund.
Product Description: Also known as clarified butter, ghee offers a luscious and satisfying way to add healthy fats to your diet. Our line of ghees offers a variety of delicious tastes and aromas to choose from.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Rsr2brqeL.jpg
46549,"Item Name: Walkers Shortbread Fngr 24ct
Value: 33.599999999999994
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71X+gkSTvfL.jpg
234314,"Item Name: Gorilla Mind Protein Bars (Oatmeal Chocolate Chip) - 20g High-Performance Protein Bar/Incredible Taste And Texture/Emphasis On Whey Protein Isolate
Bullet Point 1: 20 GRAMS OF QUALITY PROTEIN: Packed with 20 grams of high-quality protein (emphasis on whey protein isolate), this bar will support performance and aid in recovery. This high-quality protein formulation is quickly assimilated, easy on the stomach, and doesn’t sacrifice on taste.
Bullet Point 2: EXTREMELY SATISFYING: Our 70-gram bar, a robust blend of macronutrients, serves as a potent, delicious, and filling meal replacement. Almost all low-calorie protein bars are less than satisfying and taste like synthetic ""diet"" food, and almost all higher-calorie protein bars taste like chemical-laden sugar bombs. Our bars taste like a dessert (without being sickeningly sweet with sugar), aren't overly calorie-dense, and will leave you satisfied.
Bullet Point 3: INCREDIBLE TASTE & TEXTURE: Beyond the performance benefits and easy digestion, our bar is delicious. Naturally flavored with protein crisps, real chocolate, and authentic nut butter, these bars taste incredible. We truly feel we’ve nailed the taste on this one. These ingredients blend to create a silky sweet chocolate outside and a soft crunch cookie inside for the perfect guilt-free indulgence.
Bullet Point 4: GASTROINTESTINAL FRIENDLY & QUICKLY DIGESTIBLE: Despite being packed with nutrients, our bar is GI-friendly and won't make you gassy like most protein bars on the market. Rich in whey protein isolate, this snack supports fast digestion and ensures gastrointestinal ease. Perfect for the active individual, it offers efficient energy and assists in recuperation while maintaining GI well-being.
Bullet Point 5: POST-WORKOUT SNACK FOR OPTIMAL RECOVERY: Packed with 20g of whey protein isolate, we promote optimal recuperation post-workout when your muscles seek fast-digesting protein. The fast digestion of whey isolate aids in rapid muscle repair and growth. Its easy digestion enhances bioavailability, optimizing protein absorption while maintaining GI (gastrointestinal) well-being. Indulge in this stomach-friendly treat for a rapid and efficient post-workout protein uplift.
Product Description: 20 Grams Of High-Quality Protein Incredible Taste And Texture GI Friendly And Won't Bog You Down Extremely Satisfying (actually curbs appetite and cravings) Emphasis On Whey Protein Isolate The Gorilla Bar has arrived! Formerly, the Peanut Butter Bar, which launched in the Summer of 2023, had the goal of providing an incredibly tasty, satisfying bar with high-quality protein that won’t bog you down or upset your stomach. We accomplished those goals and were very happy with the bar, but we recognized there was still room for improvement. All of the significant changes that impact all Gorilla Bar flavors include: Improved Flavors: our first generation bars all used peanut butter as the base nut butter, which is a powerful flavor that masked much of the individual flavor in each bar. In addition to increasing the flavor intensity, we also switched to a cashew butter base for cookies & cream, oatmeal chocolate chip, and cookie dough. We did keep peanut butter for the peanut butter cup flavor of course. Lastly, we optimized the sodium content for maximum flavor. Improved Texture: our first generation bars were firmer than we wanted them to be and become firmer over the course of their shelf life. To improve this, we adjusted the ratio of whey powder to whey crisps, introduced more inclusions such as chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, or cookie pieces, and adjusted the overall protein content slightly to 20 grams per bar. The outcome was a much softer bar with better texture. Improved Melt Point: to help address the potential for the bars melting in hot climates during the summer months we’ve improved the coating used on the bars. This provides a higher melt point. While this doesn’t guarantee they won’t begin to melt in very hot conditions, it does increase the melt point relative to our first generation bars for a better customer experience.
Value: 28.8
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Uc4KJNDsL.jpg
112654,"Item Name: Pacific Foods Organic Chicken Stock, Unsalted, 32 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Made by gently simmering meat, bones, and mirepoix celery, carrots & onions for hours to bring out the rich, complex flavors
Bullet Point 2: Unsalted stock can be used to add a dash of extra flavor in stir fry, braise a chuck roast with stock, stir in a little flour to make a gravy, and more
Bullet Point 3: A must-have pantry staple for any home chef.
Bullet Point 4: Refrigerate after opening and use within 7 to 10 days
Bullet Point 5: Convenient resealable, twist open carton
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81s1TFYpFBL.jpg
239127,"Item Name: Dash Salt-Free Taco Seasoning Blend, 2.5 Ounce (Pack of 8)
Bullet Point 1: Enhance the flavor of your favorite taco filling without adding salt
Bullet Point 2: All natural herbs and spices
Bullet Point 3: Salt free
Bullet Point 4: Kosher
Value: 20.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/719FhAzh7lL.jpg
93245,"Item Name: Lu Paille d'or Raspberry Cookies 170 Gr
Bullet Point 1: One of France's most popular cookies
Bullet Point 2: The company has been making cookies since 1846
Bullet Point 3: A perennial favorite, raspberry filled cookie
Bullet Point 4: Imported from France
Product Description: Experience the delicate crunch of LU Paille d'Or Raspberry Wafers, a classic French confection that has delighted taste buds since 1905. These thin, crispy wafers are intricately layered and filled with a luscious raspberry puree, offering a harmonious blend of sweetness and tartness. Perfect for enjoying with tea or coffee, as a light snack, or as an elegant addition to dessert platters, LU Paille d'Or brings a touch of French patisserie excellence to your home.
Value: 5.95
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61TK7xdVavL.jpg
207744,"Item Name: Jumex XOT Carbonated Energy Drink Mango Flavor 12 Fl oz (12-Pack)
Bullet Point 1: A NEW RIFF ON ENERGY DRINKS: Leave it to Jumex to mix it up with sparkling water, authentic Mexican fruit flavor, vitamins B2, B3, B6 and B12, and 120mg of caffeine from coffee beans
Bullet Point 2: 10% REAL FRUIT JUICE: With apple, cranberry, and pomegranate juice with other natural flavors for an authentic taste
Bullet Point 3: A NAME THAT CAPTURES OUR HERITAGE: XOT is a mashup of SHOT and XOCOTL, a word that means “fruit” in Nahuatl, the language of the Aztecs
Bullet Point 4: TRY THEM ALL: You won’t know which one will be your favorite until you do… will it be Fruit Punch, Mango, or Tangerine?
Bullet Point 5: A LEGACY OF QUALITY: With over half a century of expertise in fruit juices and nectars, Jumex is a name you can rely on, and our XOT Carbonated Energy Drinks are a testament to our commitment to quality and excellence
Value: 144.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/810j4Vd6lGL.jpg
17530,"Item Name: Siete Sauce Enchilada Red 15 OZ
Product Description: Meals
Value: 15.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ZQ1rfFLKL.jpg
221997,"Item Name: Think Jerky, Jalapeno Grass-Fed Beef Sticks, Master Case,1 Ounce (10 packs of 5) Sugar Free, Gluten Free, No Nitrates, Keto Friendly, Paleo, High Protein, Low Carb
Bullet Point 1: MOUTHWATERING BEEF AND TURKEY JERKY IN A GOURMET SNACK — Indulge in Think Jerky's healthy and flavorful jerky goodness that is crafted by award-winning Chefs to produce satisfying mouthwatering snacks that are made of 100% pasture-raised/free-range jerky so you can enjoy it without guilt.
Bullet Point 2: HEALTHY LOW-FAT, LOW-CALORIE AND LOW-CARB JERKY PERFECT FOR YOUR ACTIVE LIFESTYLE — Each bag of Think Jerky's jerky is low in calories and fat! We give you only the finest cuts of beef and turkey that are hormone-free, antibiotic-free, gluten-free, nitrate-free, preservative-free.
Bullet Point 3: GREAT TASTING, HIGH PROTEIN AND ALL-NATURAL PALEO SNACK — Stop settling for boring protein bars and shakes! These high protein jerky snacks will satisfy your taste buds and supercharge you after workouts while minimizing your sugar and salt intake.
Bullet Point 4: DELICIOUS CHEF-CRAFTED JERKY — This jerky is a culinary masterpiece crafted by Food Network hosts, Michelin-Star winners and James Beard Award winners to ensure you are delighted by the robust flavors and quality in every bite that have been slow-cooked and seasoned to perfection.
Bullet Point 5: AWARD-WINNING JERKY SNACK MADE IN THE USA — Treat yourself to our highly acclaimed healthy jerky snacks that have been named “Healthiest Jerky” by SELF Magazine, “Jerky for Foodies” by Men’s Health and “Best Jerky” by Eat This, Not That! All our products are produced from only the finest ingredients and made in the USA.
Product Description: The Think Jerky Master Case provides 50 individual 1oz Jalapeño Grass-Fed Beef sticks that are sugar-free, gluten-free, and keto/paleo friendly. They are conveniently packaged in 10 packs, each containing 5 high-protein, low-carb sticks.
Value: 50.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81mbBxvjSyL.jpg
45669,"Item Name: REESE'S White Creme Peanut Butter Eggs, Easter Candy Packs, 1.2 oz (6 Count)
Bullet Point 1: Contains six (6) 1.2-ounce packs of REESE'S White Creme Peanut Butter Eggs Candy
Bullet Point 2: The taste of white creme mixed with peanut butter in a festive egg-shaped candy to help you celebrate Easter egg hunts, Easter baskets and other spring activities
Bullet Point 3: Individually wrapped kosher certified white creme peanut butter eggs candy
Bullet Point 4: Unwrap REESE'S peanut butter egg candy during Mother's Day celebrations, spring sporting events, graduations and birthday parties
Bullet Point 5: Everyone's favorite peanut butter candy finished in white creme and designed with a fun egg shape to help you and your family celebrate Easter in the sweetest way possible
Value: 7.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71iXNnhfziL.jpg
166053,"Item Name: Louisiana Fish Fry Blackened Fish Seasoning (12x2.5oz)
Bullet Point 1: Product Type:Grocery
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Dimension:11.937 cm L X16.51 cm W X21.336 cm H
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Weight:1.267 kg
Bullet Point 4: These Are Cajun Seasonings
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51nbEulh+cL.jpg
270552,"Item Name: Green Mountain Coffee Toasted Marshmallow Mocha K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Bo..., packaging may vary
Bullet Point 1: Smooth, Creamy, Toasty
Bullet Point 2: Light roast
Bullet Point 3: Caffeinated
Bullet Point 4: Fair Trade Certified
Bullet Point 5: 18 K-Cups
Product Description: Savor the familiar summer taste of fireside s’mores. Smooth and sweetly aromatic, with the flavors of toasty, golden marshmallows and creamy chocolate.
Value: 18.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51isO0Z7IKS.jpg
183394,"Item Name: Tootsie Pops Assorted - 100 Count (2 Pack)
Bullet Point 1: Watch for new flavors added to this mix
Bullet Point 2: Filled with chewy Tootsie Roll
Value: 120.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Urwche3hL.jpg
7286,"Item Name: Dolly Madison Single Serve Chocolate Cupcake, 3.17 Ounce -- 36 per case.
Value: 114.12
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41eFieYXPZL.jpg
111584,"Item Name: King Arthur, ’00’ Pizza Flour, Specialty Flour, Blend of 100% American-Grown Wheat, Non-GMO Project Verified, 3 Pounds(Pack of 4)
Bullet Point 1: King Arthur ’00’ Pizza Flour is milled from a proprietary blend of hard and soft wheat to exacting ‘00’ standards. Crafted to produce great-tasting Neapolitan Style pizza that bakes well even in home ovens. No trip to Italy required
Bullet Point 2: This pizza flour is incredibly finely milled, perfect for achieving those quintessential leopard spots (trademark of a good Neapolitan pizza) with your own home oven
Bullet Point 3: King Arthur ’00’ Pizza Flour is Non-GMO Project Verified
Bullet Point 4: King Arthur Baking Company is a 100% Employee-Owned Company and a founding B Corporation
Bullet Point 5: We are King Arthur Baking Company. Our name and logo reflect who we've always been and always will be: bakers who are committed to spreading the simple joy of baking
Bullet Point 6: Don't confine yourself to pizza. We love using this dough for foccacia, or to shape calzones, just wrap your favorite fillings (bacon, spinach, and ricotta is a nice choice) in your thinly rolled pizza dough and bake until golden brown.
Value: 192.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61EX3U7lTfL.jpg
168394,"Item Name: Vlasic Garden Bread & Butter Chips, 26 OZ (Pack of 6)
Value: 156.0
Unit: Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71p1y21XP9L.jpg
294463,"Item Name: Louisiana Fish Fry Products Cajun Etouffee Mix, 2.65 Ounce (Pack of 24)
Bullet Point: Louisiana Fish Fry Cajun Etouffe Mix
Value: 63.6
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/611mXS3pMrL.jpg
18251,"Item Name: Almond Dandelion Root Tea (25 tea bags, ZIN: 546325) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Almond Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Almonds that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Almond taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Almonds and Natural Almond Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 25 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Dandelion Root Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Almond Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Almonds that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Almond taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Almonds and Natural Almond Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (To make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and to look for new ways to ser
Value: 75.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81VHxjqqfLL.jpg
203229,"Item Name: Cattlemen's Kansas City Classic BBQ Sauce, 1 gal (Pack of 4)
Value: 512.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71oJ3rSj43L.jpg
2599,"Item Name: Wild Berry Chamomile Tea (25 tea bags, ZIN: 539809)
Bullet Point 1: Our Wild Berry Chamomile Tea is a delicious flavored Chamomile tea with Blueberries, Blackberry and Dried Strawberries that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural Wild Berry taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Chamomile tea, Blueberries, Blackberry, Dried Strawberries and Natural Wild Berry Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 25 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Chamomile Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Wild Berry Chamomile Tea is a delicious flavored Chamomile tea with Blueberries, Blackberry and Dried Strawberries that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural Wild Berry taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Chamomile tea, Blueberries, Blackberry, Dried Strawberries and Natural Wild Berry Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordabili
Value: 25.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81h9fAlSebL.jpg
154170,"Item Name: BOOST Original Balanced Nutritional Drink, Vanilla Delight, 8 Ounce Bottle
Bullet Point 1: BOOST Original: This drink is designed to provide nutritional energy with 240 nutrient-rich calories and B-vitamins to help convert food to energy, plus 10g protein and 27 vitamins and minerals for balanced nutrition
Bullet Point 2: Key Nutrients: Featuring vitamins C and D, zinc, iron and selenium, key nutrients for immune support; Now with 25 percent less sugars than the previous formula with only 15g per serving
Bullet Point 3: Nutritional Support: BOOST Nutritional drinks give your body protein, vitamins, and calories to help support normal energy; Enhance your nutrition with protein shakes and drinks in chocolate, vanilla, and fruit flavors
Bullet Point 4: Great Taste, No Artificial Flavors: BOOST Drinks have the nutrition you need and the taste you love; BOOST Original is made with no artificial flavors, colors or sweeteners
Bullet Point 5: BOOST Family Of Nutritional Drinks: Whether you want extra protein, less sugars, more calories, fewer calories, or simply great nutrition for everyday living, we've got a nutritional shake that fits your needs
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/712zAnSdiaL.jpg
213714,"Item Name: Dan-O's Crunchy™ Seasoning - Chicken, Fish, Eggs, Veggies, and Snacks - Savory Everything Bagel Flavor, All-Purpose, All-natural, Sugar Free, 0 Calorie Seasoning - Online Exclusive (2.5 oz) 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: CRUNCHY SEASONING: Add a Little Crunch, Savoriness, and Fun to Any Dish with Dan-O’s Crunchy Seasoning, an all-purpose seasoning that’s good on Dan near anything. Try it as an avocado toast seasoning, egg seasoning, or fish seasoning for bold bites.
Bullet Point 2: IT’S DAN-GOOD: Dan-O's Seasoning is made with premium ingredients like rosemary, garlic, onion, lemon peel, orange peel, and other mouthwatering spices, all perfectly balanced with just the right amount of all-natural sea salt. Pack of 2.
Bullet Point 3: EVERYTHING BUT THE BLAND: This crunchy seasoning blend is your ticket to Dan-O-Myte meals. So much more than your typical everything bagel seasoning, it’s packed with poppy seeds and sesame seeds for a savory crunch and big flavor in every bite.
Bullet Point 4: NO FLUFF, JUST FLAVOR: Our all-natural, kosher seasoning is free from GMOs, sugar, and has zero calories. Enjoy delicious flavor without the fluff – just pure, wholesome goodness in every sprinkle!
Bullet Point 5: YOU DON'T KNOW TILL YOU DAN-O: Founded by Dan Oliver in 2015, Dan-O’s Seasoning inspires fun and healthy cooking with real flavors that don't sacrifice taste. Try all of our Dantastic flavors, made with premium ingredients.
Product Description: Dan-O’s Crunchy Seasoning brings the flavor with this crunchy and savory seasoning blend that packs big flavor in every bite. Crunchy is so much more than your typical everything bagel seasoning. It combines the iconic ingredients from an everything bagel like poppy seeds, sesame seeds, onion, and garlic with the classic flavors of Dan-O’s Original Seasoning - like lemon peel, orange peel, and rosemary - to create a savory one-of-a-kind blend. Just like Dan-O’s Original, you can use it on Dan near anything and add a flavorful crunch to breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Yum Yum Get Ya Sum! Crunchy Flavor Profile: Garlic Savory Onion Dan Good on: Fish, Sushi, Avocado, Veggies, Rice, Ramen, Dips Try it on: Eggs, Bagels, Salads, Salmon, Chicken, edamame, Green Beans
Value: 5.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91-aMVVHN5L.jpg
11554,"Item Name: The Spice Way Italian Seasoning - a gourmet spice blend with Italian herbs and spices. Can be used on any Italian dish including pasta, pizza and more 2 oz
Bullet Point 1: ITALIAN SEASONING - a rich herb and spice blend that will enhance any dish, from Italian staples and even chicken and roasted vegetables.
Bullet Point 2: FARM TO TABLE EXPERIENCE - Herbs grown in the Spice Way farm ensuring the quality of a farm to table experience. no additives, no preservatives, no fillers, just spices we grow, dry and blend in our farm.
Bullet Point 3: CONTAINS HIGH QUALITY INGREDIENTS - none GMO, no irradiation, no additives, no preservatives, no fillers.
Bullet Point 4: INGREDIENTS: Basil, Oregano, Coriander, Thyme, Rosemary, Marjoram, Red Peppercorn
Bullet Point 5: WONDERFUL MIX OF SPICES - try adding on anything, you won't be sorry.
Product Description: ITALIAN SEASONING - a rich herb and spice blend that will enhance any dish, from Italian staples and even chicken and roasted vegetables. FARM TO TABLE EXPERIENCE - Herbs grown in the Spice Way farm ensuring the quality of a farm to table experience. no additives, no preservatives, no fillers, just spices we grow, dry and blend in our farm.CONTAINS HIGH QUALITY INGREDIENTS - none GMO, no irradiation, no additives, no preservatives, no fillers.INGREDIENTS: Basil, Oregano, Coriander, Thyme, Rosemary, Marjoram, Red PeppercornWONDERFUL MIX OF SPICES - try adding on anything, you won't be sorry.
Value: 2.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81hlKvJ3OAL.jpg
262927,"Item Name: Stash Tea Premium Caffeine Free Herbal Tea, Cinnamon Vanilla, 18 Count
Bullet Point 1: Country of origin is United States
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Length: 13.208cm
Bullet Point 3: Item Package Width: 8.128cm
Bullet Point 4: Item Package Height: 7.111cm
Value: 18.0
Unit: count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91RutVYoKjL.jpg
156465,"Item Name: English Tea Store Loose Leaf, Green Yerba Mate Herbal Tea, 4 Ounce
Bullet Point: Grown in Brazil
Value: 4.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91PXJ9aazUL.jpg
53995,"Item Name: Grand Parade Coffee, 5 Lbs Organic Ethiopian Yirgacheffe Unroasted Green Coffee Beans, Grade 1 Specialty Arabica, Fair Trade Single Origin
Bullet Point 1: Flavor Notes: peach, apricot, honey, chocolate
Bullet Point 2: Organic Ethiopian Yirgacheffe women produced green coffee beans
Bullet Point 3: Grade 1 arabica coffee, washed process, Ethiopian unroasted coffee beans
Bullet Point 4: 5lbs raw coffee for roasting - packed fresh for home and commercial roasters
Product Description: Our organic Ethiopian unroasted coffee beans, washed process, is vibrant and expressive. A Yirgacheffe coffee packed with juicy fruit flavors and elegant floral notes. Zesty, fresh-squeezed lemon, honey and peach top notes dance harmoniously in the cup. Milk chocolate, cardamom and caramel center this coffee. The finish is delicate and divine with layers of jasmine and citrus blossom floral aromatics. A phenomenal women-produced Ethiopian Coffee. Perfect as a medium roast for easy drinking pour over or filter coffee. Extend to dark roast for a well balanced and creamy espresso.
Value: 80.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71NgF-pNhTL.jpg
129260,"Item Name: Boylan Cream Soda, 12 Fl Oz (24 Glass Bottles)
Bullet Point 1: Hints of vanilla extract, coffee, and chocolate result in a uniquely refreshing take on a classic creme soda
Bullet Point 2: Caffeine Free
Bullet Point 3: Gluten Free
Bullet Point 4: Vegan friendly
Bullet Point 5: Kosher
Value: 288.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81zrVXP90+L.jpg
281072,"Item Name: LG Hing (Compounded Asafoetida), 3.50-Ounce Units (Pack of 10)
Bullet Point 1: Item Package Dimension:6.5 inches L x4.5 inches W x4.0 inches H
Bullet Point 2: Item Package Weight:2.9 pounds
Bullet Point 3: Product Type:GROCERY
Bullet Point 4: These are asafetida spices and herbs
Value: 35.0
Unit: oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61MukneKyBL.jpg
29191,"Item Name: Hawaiian Gold Kona, Mauna Loa Sunrise Breakfast Blend Coffee, 10-Ounce (Pack of 3)
Value: 30.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81TfR1xa5GL.jpg
246389,"Item Name: FRANGO CHOCOLATES Holiday 1 LB Wrapped Milk Mint Chocolates Gift Box
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61AlNO6hSiL.jpg
102936,"Item Name: Keebler Pawtrol Graham Cracker Cookies (Pack of 2)
Value: 25.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51UTGxobvuL.jpg
63126,"Item Name: Organic Way Arjuna Bark Powder (Terminalia arjuna) - Organic & Kosher Certified | Raw, Vegan, Non GMO & Gluten Free | USDA Certified | Origin - India (1LBS / 16Oz)
Bullet Point 1: USDA Tested - USDA is one of the most trusted testing institutions when it comes to corn, rice, grains, and other processed commodities. All of our products are guaranteed to have passed their strict standard to ensure the legitimacy of their quality.
Bullet Point 2: Imported Products from India - When it comes to grain quality, India is home to some of the best raw materials. This is why we source our products directly from them and import it to the United States where it is packaged securely and ready for distribution.
Bullet Point 3: 100% Authentic - There are many out there that jump into the bandwagon of sustainably sourced and ethical products. That is not the case for us. Our priority is not to earn money but to provide satisfaction to our clients through high-quality products and excellent customer service.
Bullet Point 4: Flavor-Sealed - When products such as Arjuna Powder are not sealed properly, their flavors can escape resulting in lower product quality. This is why we use the leading flavor sealed technique when packaging the product to maintain its wonderful taste. At the same time, our packing can be resealed so that you can extend its quality even after you have opened it already.
Bullet Point 5: Satisfaction Guarantee - We are confident with the quality of our product which is why we offer a satisfaction guarantee. This means that if you are not satisfied (although this is highly unlikely to happen), we will give you back your money with no questions asked.
Product Description: <p>The Arjun Tree, also known as Terminalia Arjuna, is renowned in Ayurveda for a number of health and skincare benefits. The bark of this tree is the main medicinal part used for therapeutic purposes. Along with its numerous skin benefits, it is well-known for its cardio protective action.</p><p>As per Ayurvedic science, the Arjuna Bark has astringent, bitter, and slightly pungent qualities, which make it a skin friendly ingredient. It has a cooling influence on the physiology, and pacifies both Pitta and Kapha doshas. Pitta and Kapha skin concerns like acne or pigmentation can be treated with the help of skincare that contains Arjuna Bark.</p><p>The Arjuna bark is also a powerful antioxidant, it strengthens the skin barrier, and encourages sebum production so as to reduce the signs of dry skin and protect the skin from other external challenges.</p><p>A simple DIY recipe of a paste of Arjuna bark blended with some Honey, works wonderfully to heal acne prone skin. Also, applying a mix of the powders of Arjuna bark and Manjistha (Rubia Cordifolia) root with Honey over the face, helps to diminish dark spots and pigmentation.</p>
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61Lf+qxDFjL.jpg
21235,"Item Name: MICHAELS OF BROOKLYN Tomato Basil Sauce, 32 oz, 6pk
Bullet Point: Prepared in a dedicated Gluten-free allergy-friendly facility The simplicity of imported Italian tomatoes, fresh basil, garlic, olive oil and spices makes this a favorite. Ideal with any pasta No High Fructose Corn Syrup, All Natural
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71GY6kYf93L.jpg
176587,"Item Name: Map-Pro Propane 14.1oz
Product Description: Manufacturers, suppliers and others provide what you see here
Value: 14.1
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31yUTqo+tbL.jpg
111728,"Item Name: Organic Way True Ceylon Cinnamon Cut & Sifted (Cinnamomum verum) - Adds Flavour | Raw, Vegan, Non GMO & Gluten Free | USDA Certified | Origin - Sri Lanka (1/2LBS / 8OZ)
Bullet Point 1: 100 % Pure Premium, highly potent Cinnamon with a distinct aromatic effect
Bullet Point 2: Organic products imported from Sri Lanka and packaged in USA
Bullet Point 3: Authentic Cut & Sifted Cinnamon processed in a hygienic environment
Bullet Point 4: The packaging is flavor-sealed for freshness
Product Description: Cinnamon is a mildly spicy sweetish spice that is used in dishes, desserts and even dairy products. Our original cut and sifted Cinnamon blends perfectly. There are no artificial flavors in any of our spices and this gives your recipe an authentic aroma and taste.
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71h+BMD78tL.jpg
140389,"Item Name: Salad Pizazz Strawberry Cranberry Honey Nut, 3.75 Ounce
Bullet Point: Great for Entrees and snacking, too
Value: 3.75
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Fl2JBqFEL.jpg
224260,"Item Name: NY Spice Shop Mini Assorted Jawbreakers - 1 Pound
Bullet Point: Mini Assorted Jawbreakers
Product Description: Mini Assorted Jawbreakers
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61-sSDWXv4L.jpg
95308,"Item Name: Dum Dums Pops and Smarties 200 Count Bag
Bullet Point 1: Dum Dums Pops: Assorted Flavors
Bullet Point 2: Smarties: Assorted Colors
Bullet Point 3: 200 Count Bag: Plenty For Sharing
Bullet Point 4: Multicolor Packaging: Fun And Bright
Bullet Point 5: Modern Style: Sleek And Contemporary
Product Description: Suckers And Lollipops
Value: 200.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71YVT3BaKkL.jpg
149658,"Item Name: Shah Jeera - Black Cumin 200gm (7 oz) Caraway Seeds - Indian Origin
Bullet Point 1: Shah Jeera: Enjoy the rich flavor and aroma of our caraway seeds. Perfect for adding depth to your cooking, these crescent-shaped seeds are warm and slightly sweet with a hint of anise.
Bullet Point 2: Benefits: Get all the health benefits of dietary fiber, vitamins, minerals and essential oils in every bite. Caraway seed is also known for its Germ-Fighting and Reduces tissue swelling and redness.
Bullet Point 3: Relief: Caraway seeds can naturally provide relief from digestion issues such as bloating and gas. Add a little ground caraway seed to any dish to aid in digestion while enjoying great flavor.
Bullet Point 4: Versatile: Our Shah Jeera can be used whole or ground, so it's easy to add to any meal! Use it sparingly as only a small amount of these flavorful seeds goes a long way in terms of flavor.
Bullet Point 5: The seed of a shahi jeera is longer, thinner and darker in colour as compared to plain cumin seeds or jeera
Product Description: Caraway seeds are small, crescent-shaped seeds that come from the caraway plant (Carum carvi), which is native to Europe, Asia, and North Africa. They have a warm, slightly sweet, and nutty flavor with a hint of anise and are commonly used in European, Middle Eastern, and North African cuisine. Caraway seeds are a rich source of dietary fiber, vitamins, and minerals. Caraway seeds are also rich in essential oils, which give them their characteristic flavor and aroma. In cooking, caraway seeds are commonly used as a spice to flavor dishes such as bread, sauerkraut, stews, and soups. They can also be used as a natural remedy to aid digestion, ease bloating and gas. Caraway seeds can be used whole or ground, and a little goes a long way in terms of flavor, so they should be used sparingly.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71JYy5UHPKL.jpg
97804,"Item Name: Seeds of Change Microwavable Rice, Whole Grain Brown Basmati Rice, 8.5-Ounce (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point 1: 100% natural organic whole grain basmati rice
Bullet Point 2: Super convenient,
Bullet Point 3: ready to eat in 90 seconds
Bullet Point 4: No artificial colors or flavors
Bullet Point 5: Vegetarian
Value: 51.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61KK34XQyjL.jpg
174598,"Item Name: Brown & Haley Almond Roca the Original Buttercrunch Toffee with Almonds ALL Natural Zero Gram Trans FAT - 2 Pack of 10 Oz Container Jars
Value: 20.0
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/615BbdeuYTL.jpg
19672,"Item Name: Orange Fig Dandelion Root Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 560212) - 3 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Orange Fig Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Figs (Turkish, Dried), Orange Peel and Hibiscus Flower that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Orange Fig taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Figs (Turkish, Dried), Orange Peel, Hibiscus Flower and Natural Orange Fig Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Dandelion Root Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Orange Fig Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Figs (Turkish, Dried), Orange Peel and Hibiscus Flower that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Orange Fig taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Figs (Turkish, Dried), Orange Peel, Hibiscus Flower and Natural Orange Fig Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all
Value: 12.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81P8SONMomL.jpg
216342,"Item Name: Simply Asia Korean BBQ Stir-Fry Sauce, 4.22 oz
Bullet Point 1: Sweet and savory stir-fry sauce
Bullet Point 2: Made with ingredients including Chinese-Style 5 Spice, pineapple juice & orange juice
Bullet Point 3: Prepare sauce with chicken, beef, pork, or tofu for a 20-minute stir-fry
Bullet Point 4: Heat level: Mild
Bullet Point 5: Great with vegetables & noodles too!
Bullet Point 6: Tear & pour
Bullet Point 7: No MSG added – except those naturally occurring glutamates
Value: 4.22
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81DO4nUCzmL.jpg
281952,"Item Name: Celestial Seasonings, Tea, Bengal Spice, 20 ct
Bullet Point: Celestial Seasonings is proud to be a 2019 Whole Planet Foundation $50,000 Fund Member donating funds to support microentrepreneurs, primarily women, internationally and domestically to alleviate global poverty.
Value: 20.0
Unit: each
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71JjOi5LCPL.jpg
53666,"Item Name: Cooper Street Cookies Chewy Granola Bakes Blueberry Pomegranate, 1 Ounce (36 Count)
Bullet Point 1: Cookies, Made Better - Fuel your day and enjoy delectably chewy goodness with Cooper Street Granola Healthy Bars! Bite into wholesome and healthful ingredients like chia, flax, buckwheat and oats and get off on the right foot with our healthy snack bars!
Bullet Point 2: Blueberry Pomegranate Flavor - Bursting with locally sourced Michigan blueberries and blended with a pomegranate's pop, our granola snack bars deliver the perfect mix of sweet and tart. Pomegranates and blueberries truly are a match made in heaven!
Bullet Point 3: Guilt-Free Deliciousness - Start your day on a high note with the energy you need with this pomegranate blueberry bar. Our satiating anytime breakfast cookies individually wrapped satisfy your sweet tooth with high-quality ingredients, for a truly clean and honest energy boost throughout your day!
Bullet Point 4: Baked With Care - Made with a mix of passion, all natural ingredients and 100 years of tradition, our healthy granola bar is still handmade in our family-run Michigan bakery. Our perfect pick me up is baked to a moist and chewy perfection.
Bullet Point 5: Enjoyed By All - We go the extra mile to ensure everyone can enjoy our granola soft baked cookies. Made in a dedicated peanut free facility to be dairy free, HFCS free, tans fat free, soy free, artificial flavourings free and also low in sodium. We don't tolerate any nasties!
Product Description: The simple power of a cookie to elicit smiles was the inspiration. Unsatisfied with all of the big company, junk-filled alternatives, and unwilling to compromise on taste, Michigan mom Elaine Surnow was determined to build a better cookie for her family and friends. Based on a family recipe and made with ingredients you can pronounce, she discovered just the right combination of delicate sweetness, light crunch and old-fashioned goodness to delight cookie lovers of all ages. Today, Elaine and her two sons, Max and Sam, are sharing the smiles one delectable cookie at a time. Yum
Value: 36.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91ztqsAvCgL.jpg
258593,"Item Name: Crystal Light On-The-Go Drink Mix, Fruit Punch (Pack of 90)
Bullet Point 1: Pack of 90
Bullet Point 2: Sugar Free
Bullet Point 3: 5 Calories per serving
Bullet Point 4: Add to water for a flavorful drink
Product Description: Color your world with Crystal Light and transform ordinary water with fabulous fruit flavors and tantalizing teas. Each sip is the perfect way to refresh, renew and satisfy your thirst for something different. It's lively & unexpected, just like you!
Value: 90.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/8100jML-m6L.jpg
33650,"Item Name: MW Polar Canned Vegetables, Stir Fry Vegetables, 15 Ounce (Pack of 12)
Bullet Point 1: Bring a taste of Asia into your home with these authentic canned Stir Fry Vegetables. Contains bean sprouts, sliced bamboo Shoots, cut baby corn, water chestnuts, and sliced chilies
Bullet Point 2: Comes in a pack of twelve, 15-ounce units (for a total of 180 ounces).
Bullet Point 3: ALL NATURAL: These vegetables have minimal processing and are canned when vegetables are at peak of freshness
Bullet Point 4: EASY PREP: Just rinse thoroughly and drain! Can be eaten out of the can or cooked in your stir fries and soups.
Bullet Point 5: ASIAN CUISINE: These vegetables are used throughout East Asian and Southeast Asian cuisines and are very versatile.
Value: 180.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61YMtxEcOCL.jpg
43438,"Item Name: Pumpkin Tree Peter Rabbit Organics Apple, Carrot and Pumpkin Puree, 4.4 Ounce (Pack of 10)
Bullet Point 1: Naturally wholesome, healthy snacks for kids! 100% USDA Certified Organic and Non-GMO ingredients.
Bullet Point 2: INGREDIENTS: Organic Apple, Organic Carrot, Organic Pumpkin, Organic Lemon Juice Concentrate.
Bullet Point 3: Convenient squeezable pouch with BPA free packaging, no need to chill
Bullet Point 4: Perfect for toddlers but suitable for everyone from 6 months old
Bullet Point 5: Contains 10, 4.4 ounce pouches
Value: 44.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ps41nnc9L.jpg
148107,"Item Name: CLEAN Cause Low Calorie Peach USDA Organic Sparkling Yerba Mate Tea (16oz cans, 12-Pack Case) Low Sugar, 160mg Caffeine, Healthy Alternative to Soda & Energy Drinks.
Bullet Point 1: SPARKLING YERBA MATE: Great tasting sparkling Yerba Mate that'll give you the pick-me-up you need to do the most with your day! 100% Satisfaction Guarantee. If you don't like your purchase for any reason, we'll make it right.
Bullet Point 2: NATURAL CAFFEINE: Each can includes 160mg of caffeine that is naturally sourced from Fair Trade Yerba Mate, which means no synthetic caffeine in CLEAN Cause.
Bullet Point 3: USDA ORGANIC CERTIFIED: We make sure that every ingredient is certified USDA Organic so you can feel good about the caffeine you consume, unlike energy drinks.
Bullet Point 4: LOW CALORIE: With 70 calories per serving and way less sugar, you get the caffeine without all the calories & sugars - unlike energy drinks.
Bullet Point 5: SUPPORTING ADDICTION RECOVERY: 50% Net Profits* Support Addiction Recovery *or 5% Net Revenues, Whichever is Greater.
Bullet Point 6: FUEL THE HUSTLE: Whether you’re a big wave charger, hill bomber, or burpee fan, 160 MG of natural caffeine will give you the fuel you need to get more into whatever you’re into.
Product Description: Opening a can of CLEAN is the instant refresh you’ve been looking for. Our canned Peach Organic Sparkling Yerba Mate packs the perfect amount of peach flavor and boost to keep you sharp all day. Sweetened with organic sugar and organic stevia, our yerba mate contains 160 MG of caffeine and just 70 calories per can. With stats like those, you can feel good about ditching your jittery pre-workout.
Value: 192.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Q3TNAlCuL.jpg
98687,"Item Name: Orange Oolong Tea, caffeinated, this tea weaves the modest, delicate of Orange flavor, rich in antioxidants, slightly sweet, Loose Tea - 2oz
Bullet Point 1: Caffeinated Oolong Tea
Bullet Point 2: Delicious to Enjoy Hot or Iced
Bullet Point 3: This tea weaves the modest delicate orange flavor, rich in antioxidants, slightly sweet.
Bullet Point 4: Ingredients: Oolong, Orange, Marigold Flower, Hibiscus, Pineapple
Bullet Point 5: 2oz tea makes approx. 16 cups of 8oz of Water
Product Description: ""<b>Orange Oolong Tea, Loose Leaf Tea</br></br> * Caffeinated</br> * Ingredients: Oolong, Orange, Marigold Flower, Hibiscus, Pineapple</br></br> * This tea weaves the modest delicate orange flavor, rich in antioxidants, slightly sweet. Delicious to Enjoy Hot or Iced.</br></br> * Preparation:</br> Bring water to a boil;</br> Use 1 TBSP per 8oz of water;</br> Pour boiling water over the tea;</br> Steep 3 minutes;</br> Use the same leaves 2 times;</br> 1oz tea makes approximately 8 cups</br></br> * Best if Used By 12 Months</br> * Storage Method: Store in a low-temperature environment in an airtight container to preserve longevity.""
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71mK8Gs8QhS.jpg
213206,"Item Name: Goldfish Grahams Cinnamon Roll Baked Snack Crackers, 6.6 Oz Bag
Bullet Point 1: Includes one (1) 6.6-ounce bag of Goldfish cinnamon roll grahams snack crackers
Bullet Point 2: Sweet cinnamon with a hint of icing flavor
Bullet Point 3: 8 grams of whole grain per serving
Bullet Point 4: Baked with no artificial flavors or preservatives
Bullet Point 5: Go for the handful
Value: 6.6
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71PLPkVbZyL.jpg
245479,"Item Name: Lesley Stowe Salty Date & Almond Raincoast Crisps, Non GMO, 5.3 Ounces (Pack Of 12)
Bullet Point: Lesley Stowe Salty Date & Almond Raincoast Crisps, Non GMO, 5.3 Ounces (Pack Of 12)
Value: 63.6
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71XhA7obMwL.jpg
236509,"Item Name: Graham Cracker Crumb by Dasher's Spice & Beans | Perfect for Baking and Toppings | 2 Lbs
Bullet Point: Tasty Graham Cracker Crumb
Product Description: Graham Cracker Crumb by Dasher's Spice & Beans | Perfect for Baking and Toppings | 2 Lbs
Value: 32.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91nMyZY0eyL.jpg
251785,"Item Name: Bing Energy Bing Cherry, 12 Fl. Oz.(Pack Of 24)
Bullet Point 1: A carbonated, juice-based beverage containing anti-oxidants, B-Vitamins, 100% Daily Value of Vitamin C, 120mg of Caffeine and Ginseng
Bullet Point 2: A healthy alternative to other soft drinks and energy drinks which are often heavily sweetened and high in calories
Bullet Point 3: Only 40 calories per can and only 10 grams of carbs
Bullet Point 4: All natural flavors and colors with NO high fructose corn syrup
Bullet Point 5: Proudly 100% made in the USA
Value: 288.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71+rxpaiKuL.jpg
20793,"Item Name: Mint Lime Cola Dandelion Root Tea (25 tea bags, ZIN: 568998) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Mint Lime Cola Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Peppermint Leaf, Lime Peel and Kola Nut that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Mint Lime Cola taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Peppermint Leaf, Lime Peel, Kola Nut and Natural Mint Lime Cola Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 25 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Dandelion Root Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Mint Lime Cola Dandelion Root tea is a delicious naturally flavored Dandelion Root coffee substitute with Peppermint Leaf, Lime Peel and Kola Nut that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural and caffeine-free Mint Lime Cola taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Dandelion Root, Peppermint Leaf, Lime Peel, Kola Nut and Natural Mint Lime Cola Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (To make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constant
Value: 50.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81pZP2-2VwL.jpg
64682,"Item Name: BURTS BEES Honey Pot Gift Set, 1 EA
Bullet Point 1: No animal testing for beauty products
Bullet Point 2: 3rd-party certification required for organic claims on body care products
Product Description: Body Care
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81OUiQXeNkL.jpg
150402,"Item Name: Cadbury Drinking Hot Chocolate 500 g (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point 1: Cadbury Drinking Hot Chocolate 500 g (Pack of 3)
Bullet Point 2: Country of origin is United Kingdom
Bullet Point 3: The package dimension of the product is 11.2""L x 5.4""W x 4.2""H
Bullet Point 4: The package weight of the product is 3.8 pounds
Value: 52.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/814U3u8npLL.jpg
131447,"Item Name: Samyang Hot chicken stir fried ramen noodle (Curry 10 pk)
Value: 24.7
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71vyjyEP11L.jpg
47344,"Item Name: TEECCINO Organic Chocolate Mint Herbal Coffee, 11 OZ
Product Description: Save On Teeccino 6X 11 Oz Chocolate Mint Herbal Coffee <Br><Br>The Coolness Of Green Peppermint Accents Heavenly Chocolate From Ultra-Rich Cocoa To Create A Bright, Vivid Body Of Deep, Robust Flavor From Roasted Carob, Barley And Chicory.: <Br><Br>(Note: This Product Description Is Informational Only. Always Check The Actual Product Label In Your Possession For The Most Accurate Ingredient Information Before Use. For Any Health Or Dietary Related Matter Always Consult Your Doctor Before Use.)
Value: 11.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/5171JMPrVXL.jpg
56390,"Item Name: Butterball Seasoned Turkey Frozen Juicy, Bun Covering Burgers - 70% less fat than USDA Data for 75% lean/25% Fat Ground Beef - Turkeys Raised Free of Hormones and Steroids - 5 Pack (32 oz Each)
Bullet Point 1: Butterball turkey burgers have 70% less fat Than USDA data for 75% lean/25% fat ground beef
Bullet Point 2: Butterball makes mealtime delicious with tender, juicy turkey burgers
Bullet Point 3: Butterball turkey burgers are juicy, bun-covering burgers that go straight from freezer to grill
Product Description: Butterball turkey burgers are everything you love about beef burgers, but better for you with 70% less fat than USDA data for 75% lean/25% fat ground beef. They're made with naturally lean cuts of Butterball turkey, perfectly seasoned and patted out thick to make a juicy, bun-covering burger that fits perfectly into your healthy lifestyle. Just 15 minutes on the grill or in the skillet. Always tender and juicy, Butterball lean turkey meat is raised free of hormones or steroids.* *Federal regulations do not permit the use of hormones in poultry. <br><br>Please note that our warehouse packs everything as tightly as possible to ensure the item(s) remains frozen/refrigerated during transit and the coolant surrounds the item(s). As dry ice dissipates and gel packs thaw, this will create pockets of space in the package whereby products can shift around.<br><br>Upon receiving the delivery, please immediately place your items in your refrigerator or freezer. If you are away when your package arrives, please watch your email for delivery confirmation. Upon delivery, plan for someone to place them in a refrigerator or freezer as soon as possible.
Value: 5.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81uqv2w1W8L.jpg
28935,"Item Name: Oregon Fruit Gooseberries, 15-ounces (Pack of4)
Product Description: Gooseberries offer a bright, complex taste unique to their kind. These timeless, tart berries are picked ripe, bursting with character and combined with a light amount of pure cane sugar for sweetness. Create dessert, chutney or flavorful sauce for fish and chicken or surprise your guests with vibrant flavored beverages.
Value: 60.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61a2Wu-INTL.jpg
276468,"Item Name: Utz Of Hanover Old Fashioned Pretzels, Sourdough Hard, 16 Ounce
Bullet Point: No preservatives
Value: 16.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51NHviv7T8L.jpg
129644,"Item Name: Valley of Tea Sheng Pu-erh Tea, 50g, Young Pu erh, Naked Tea, Yunnan China, Chinese Pu Er, Green, Loose Leaves
Bullet Point 1: Rich and sweet with fruity undertones, a classic high quality sheng pu-erh tea. Grown on the slopes of Yunnan in China.
Bullet Point 2: While this tea does carry notes of young raw pu-erh bitterness, it can be carefully aged to develop smoother and even richer flavours, which are rewarding in their complexity.
Bullet Point 3: Raw Sheng Pu-erh tea is highly sought after by tea lovers all over the world. This fresh pu-erh offers a sweeter, more fragrant tea than the more widespread cooked pu-erh tea.
Bullet Point 4: When steeped, our loose leaf Pu-erh produces a tea with a deep, bold and earthy flavour which energises and lifts the drinker.
Bullet Point 5: A true favourite with the wise and the wealthy for thousands of years, this raw Pu-erh is now available for our customers throughout Europe. This is your chance to experience this unique tea for yourself!
Product Description: Sheng Pu-erh Tea From Yiwu - Young Pu erh Tea - Pu-Erh Naked Tea Yunnan China - Chinese Pu Er Or Pu-erh Green Tea - Puh Er Pu Era Tea Puera Tea Puher Tea Green Shen Puer Tea Sheng Pu Erh
Value: 1.76
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91Qdjs5jCzL.jpg
129059,"Item Name: WOODSTOCK, BEANS, OG2, GARBANZO, Pack of 6, Size 110 OZ - No Artificial Ingredients GMO Free Kosher 95%+ Organic
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71qHMF17jzL.jpg
161246,"Item Name: Chef Paul Prudhommes Blackened Steak Magic - 20 oz. can, 4 cans per case
Value: 4.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31at8jhA84L.jpg
147844,"Item Name: Hazelnut Mocha Rooibos Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 535962) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Hazelnut Mocha Rooibos Tea is a delightful flavored Rooibos tea with Hazelnuts, Cinnamon Chips and Cocoa Nibs that you will really enjoy! The unique Hazelnut Mocha aroma and taste is a delight! - Ingredients: Rooibos tea, Hazelnuts, Cinnamon Chips, Cocoa Nibs and Natural Hazelnut Mocha Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Rooibos Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Hazelnut Mocha Rooibos Tea is a delightful flavored Rooibos tea with Hazelnuts, Cinnamon Chips and Cocoa Nibs that you will really enjoy! The unique Hazelnut Mocha aroma and taste is a delight! - Ingredients: Rooibos tea, Hazelnuts, Cinnamon Chips, Cocoa Nibs and Natural Hazelnut Mocha Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81QqH7f8otL.jpg
143756,"Item Name: Panettone Chamomile Tea (25 tea bags, ZIN: 531670)
Bullet Point 1: Our Panettone Chamomile Tea is a delicious flavored Chamomile tea with Orange Peel, Marigold and Golden Raisins that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural Panettone taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Chamomile tea, Orange Peel, Marigold, Golden Raisins and Natural Panettone Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 25 tea bags
Bullet Point 5: Chamomile Tea Bags - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Panettone Chamomile Tea is a delicious flavored Chamomile tea with Orange Peel, Marigold and Golden Raisins that you will enjoy relaxing with anytime! The natural Panettone taste is delicious! - Ingredients: Chamomile tea, Orange Peel, Marigold, Golden Raisins and Natural Panettone Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teabag for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teabags into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the teabags. Steep for 5 minutes. Quarter fill a serving pitcher with cold water. Pour the tea into the serving pitcher. Add ice and top-up with cold water. Garnish and sweeten to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the market to maintain our affordability and to look
Value: 25.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81mqNB3TweL.jpg
103131,"Item Name: Hershey Baking Cocoa (Pack of 4)
Value: 64.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41I4yYoxYsL.jpg
286238,"Item Name: Nestle Coffee mate Coffee Creamer, French Vanilla, Concentrated Liquid Pump Bottle, Non Dairy, No Refrigeration, 50.7 fl oz (Pack of 2)
Bullet Point 1: Flavored Coffee Creamer: Nestle Coffee mate French Vanilla Flavored Liquid Concentrate Pump Bottle adds a rich and creamy vanilla flavor to your cup of coffee
Bullet Point 2: Simple Indulgence: Stir our bulk liquid creamer into a cup of coffee for delicious added flavor that's lactose and cholesterol-free; pump bottle reduces waste, is easy to clean, and tamper-proof (unique pump system locks pump to bottle making it impossible to remove or tamper with)
Bullet Point 3: Delicious Flavor You Can Rely On: Shelf stable, no refrigeration needed, retain their delicious flavor at room temperature for up to 9 months; 30 day shelf life once opened
Bullet Point 4: Liquid Concentrate Formula: Our liquid concentrate Coffee mate pump bottle formula is thicker than our other liquid formats, and is specifically formulated to easily dispense through the pump system; one pump equals one creamer single; 300 servings per bottle; blends quickly with both hot and cold beverages
Bullet Point 5: Dietary Benefits: Non-Dairy + Lactose-Free + Cholesterol-Free + Gluten-Free + Kosher Dairy
Value: 101.4
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/810YVqGcjJL.jpg
8708,"Item Name: Candy Filled Straws Powder Sticks - Bulk Set of 240 - Party, Gender Reveal, Wedding and Buffet Candy (Orange)
Bullet Point 1: These candy straws are perfect for any event as part of your candy buffet. Ideal for putting in a glass jar at a candy buffet, they make fun additions to goodie bags, too!
Bullet Point 2: Enjoy a burst of sweetness when you tear into one of these classic candy sticks.
Bullet Point 3: Bulk set of 240 candy straws. Total wt., 13 oz.
Bullet Point 4: Size: 6 inch straws.
Bullet Point 5: Fat-free.
Product Description: These candy straws are perfect for any event as part of your candy buffet. Ideal for putting in a glass jar at a candy buffet, they make fun additions to goodie bags, too! Enjoy a burst of sweetness when you tear into one of these classic candy sticks. (240 pcs. per unit) 6"" Fat-free. Total wt., 13 oz.
Value: 13.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81OsrNifavL.jpg
241039,"Item Name: Ortega Homestyle Tostada Shells, 8 Count (Pack of 1)
Bullet Point 1: Ortega Tostada Shells are made the authentic way using whole kernel corn
Bullet Point 2: That’s what gives them their distinctive flavor, aroma and texture
Bullet Point 3: Taste the difference
Bullet Point 4: A family tradition since 1897
Value: 4.1
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91hb1imnaAL.jpg
89737,"Item Name: El Monterey All Natural Shredded Steak & Cheese Burritos, 3.75lb, 12ct
Bullet Point 1: Made with real steak
Bullet Point 2: No Artificial Colors
Bullet Point 3: No Artificial Flavors
Product Description: 12 Individually wrapped. No artificial flavors or colors. 12 g protein per serving. Family owned since 1964. Satisfaction guaranteed: 1-800-772-6474. US Inspected and passed by Department of Agriulture. elmonterey.com. Visit us at elmonterey.com. From our families to your: Burritos; Meals; Taquitos and more.
Value: nan
Unit: None
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Yi+fXUnJL.jpg
147371,"Item Name: Mango Lemongrass Rooibos Tea (Loose) (4 oz, ZIN: 535385) - 2 Pack
Bullet Point 1: Our Mango Lemongrass Rooibos Tea is a delightful flavored Rooibos tea with Mango Slices, Lemongrass and Lemon Peel that you will really enjoy! The unique Mango Lemongrass aroma and taste is a delight! - Ingredients: Rooibos tea, Mango Slices, Lemongrass, Lemon Peel and Natural Mango Lemongrass Flavor.
Bullet Point 2: No fillers.
Bullet Point 3: Manufacturer: TerraVita
Bullet Point 4: Size: 4 oz
Bullet Point 5: Loose Leaf Rooibos Tea - Packed in a convenient upright pouch!
Product Description: Our Mango Lemongrass Rooibos Tea is a delightful flavored Rooibos tea with Mango Slices, Lemongrass and Lemon Peel that you will really enjoy! The unique Mango Lemongrass aroma and taste is a delight! - Ingredients: Rooibos tea, Mango Slices, Lemongrass, Lemon Peel and Natural Mango Lemongrass Flavor. - Hot tea brewing method: Bring freshly drawn cold water to a rolling boil. Place 1 teaspoon of tea for each desired cup into the teapot. Pour the boiling water into the pot, cover and let steep for 2-4 minutes. Strain and pour into your cup; add milk and natural sweeteners to taste. - Iced tea brewing method: (to make 1 liter/quart): Place 5 teaspoons of tea into a teapot or heat resistant pitcher. Pour 1 1/4 cups of freshly boiled water over the tea itself. Steep for 5 minutes. Fill a serving pitcher with 1/4 cold water. Strain and pour the tea into the serving pitcher Add ice and top-up with cold water. Sweeten and garnish to taste. - TerraVita is an exclusive line of premium-quality, natural source products that use only the finest, purest and most potent ingredients found around the world. TerraVita is hallmarked by the highest possible standards of purity, potency, stability and freshness. All of our products are prepared with the highest elements of quality control, from raw materials through the entire manufacturing process, up to and including the moment that the bottles or bags are sealed for freshness and shipped out to you. Our highest possible standards are certified by independent laboratories and backed by our personal guarantee. - TerraVita exists to meet and ensure your family's health and wellness without the harmful effects of chemicals and health products. We strive to make all of our products affordable and reliable and are constantly searching the mar
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81sve8VjGLL.jpg
68808,"Item Name: ALANI NU ENERGY HAWAIIAN SHAVED ICE 12oz CAN
Bullet Point: ALANI NU ENERGY HAWAIIAN SHAVED ICE 12oz CAN
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/511nHKcoc1L.jpg
89225,"Item Name: Tea Seven Blossoms 24 Bag (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point: Tea Seven Blossoms
Product Description: Tea Seven Blossoms
Value: 144.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Grakp-XzL.jpg
184365,"Item Name: Beachcomber Asst. Sea Shell Sand Dollar Star Fish Decorations Sugar Topper Celebrate Cup Cake Cake Cookie toppers 12 count
Value: 12.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31KLwAcxQ-L.jpg
109431,"Item Name: Alpine Spiced Apple Cider Drink Mix, Original, 0.74 oz, 60 count - SET OF 3
Value: 3.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61tUr8OC0iL.jpg
77529,"Item Name: Effie's Homemade Biscuits - Oatcakes - 6 Pack
Bullet Point 1: ORIGINAL OATCAKE: Crisp, buttery layers of toasted oats with a hint of salt. A classic tea biscuit. Delicious with jam, nut butter, or any cheese—from blue to brie.
Bullet Point 2: BEHOLD THE BISCUIT: All of Effie's Homemade Biscuits are lightly sweet with a bright finish of salt. They're more refined than a cookie and more dynamic than a cracker.
Bullet Point 3: QUALITY INGREDIENTS: Every Effie's Biscuit is made with natural ingredients and real butter, and none of Effie's oats and/or oat products are treated with glyphosate.
Bullet Point 4: INCREDIBLY VERSATILE: Not only are Effie's Homemade Biscuits great with all kinds of cheeses, jams, and toppings, they are a great substitute for any recipe that calls for a cookie or cracker crust.
Bullet Point 5: WOMEN-OWNED BUSINESS: Effie's Homemade is a proud Women-Owned Business that was founded in 2008 by Joan MacIsaac and Irene Costello, who wished to share Joan's mother, Effie's, Oatcake recipe with everyone who loves a simple and tasty treat.
Product Description: Effie&#39;s Homemade Biscuits - Oatcakes are a delightful treat crafted with premium quality ingredients, making them a perfect choice for anyone looking to indulge in a flavorful experience. These original oatcakes boast crisp, buttery layers of toasted oats with just a hint of salt, delivering a sophisticated twist to the classic tea biscuit. Perfectly suited for pairing with jam, nut butter, or any type of cheese - from blue to brie - Effie&#39;s oatcakes can elevate your snack times.<br><br>At the heart of every bite is Effie&#39;s commitment to using natural ingredients and real butter. The oats used are never treated with glyphosate, ensuring a wholesome experience without compromising on taste. Their oatcakes are more refined than a typical cookie and more dynamic than any cracker, making them versatile enough to be used as a scrumptious substitute in recipes that require a cookie or cracker crust.<br><br>Effie&#39;s oatcakes are not only a delicious snack but also a reflection of a proud tradition. As a women - owned business, Effie&#39;s Homemade was founded by Joan MacIsaac and Irene Costello in 2008 to share a cherished family recipe that offers a simple, yet tasty treat for all to enjoy. These biscuits are an excellent choice for those who appreciate the unique taste of oat products, while also offering a delightful balance of sweetness with a bright salt finish.<br><br>Made for the adventurous palate, Effie&#39;s oatcakes enhance various culinary applications, complementing a range of foods, from oatmeal raisin cookies to the beloved oatmeal cream pies. The versatile nature of these oatcakes allows them to stand alongside oatmeal raisin cookies and even protein oatmeal options, creating an exciting taste journey. Explore the endless possibilities with Effie&#39;s Homemade Biscuits - Oatcakes, where tradition meets innovation in every delicious bite.<br>
Value: 43.2
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71VyUAOjAtL.jpg
252679,"Item Name: Collections Etc. Artificial Chrysanthemums, Low-Maintenance Colorful Artificial Flower Bouquets, Set of 3, Champagne
Bullet Point 1: These beautiful flowers are the perfect way to add instant color indoors or out
Bullet Point 2: Set includes 3 full bunches of chrysanthemums in your choice of orange, rust, purple or champagne
Bullet Point 3: Use them together or separately, in your pots or baskets, or stake them into the ground in your garden
Bullet Point 4: Pot not included| Use separately for smaller bouquets or all together for a bold and beautiful arrangement (as shown)| Polyester
Product Description: <br>Collections Etc. Artificial Chrysanthemums, Low-Maintenance Colorful Artificial Flower Bouquets, Set of 3, Champagne<br><br><br>Description<br>These beautiful flowers are the perfect way to add instant color indoors or out. Set includes 3 full bunches of chrysanthemums in your choice of orange, rust, purple or champagne. Use them together or separately, in your pots or baskets, or stake them into the ground in your garden. Pot not included. Use separately for smaller bouquets or all together for a bold and beautiful arrangement (as shown). Polyester. Each bunch is approx. 20""H. Specify ONE color per set: Rust, Orange, Purple or Champagne.<br><br><br>Material TypeABS(plastic),Silk<br>
Value: 3.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71lHx9PdVCL.jpg
74699,"Item Name: KIND Soft Baked Granola, Dark Chocolate Chunk, 5 count
Bullet Point 1: KIND Soft Baked Granola is a soft and chewy alternative to traditional granola that combines 100% whole grain oats with indulgent ingredients like rich, dark chocolate chunks.
Bullet Point 2: Contains a full serving of whole grains*, is a good source of fiber*, gluten-free, low in sodium*, Kosher, and Non-GMO Project Verified. *Based on a 55g serving size.
Bullet Point 3: Perfect for enjoying as a snack by the handful or as a part of your breakfast.
Bullet Point 4: Includes five, 11 oz. bag of KIND Soft Baked Granola clusters
Value: 55.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ZsHeEEdDL.jpg
225191,"Item Name: Alani Nu Protein Coffee CAPPUCCINO | Ready To Drink Cold Brew with 10g of Protein | 100mg Caffeine | 90 Calories, Naturally Flavored | 12 Fl Oz Bottles | 12 Pack
Bullet Point 1: ICED COFFEE WITH BENEFITS: Perfectly brewed and thoughtfully flavored, Alani Coffee was created to perk you up and keep you going. We blend 100-110mg of caffeine (naturally from cold brew coffee) with 10g of protein for just 90 calories. Now that’s grounds for celebration!
Bullet Point 2: COFFEE ON THE GO: From morning routines to brunch with our besties, we believe you deserve delicious coffee at a moment’s notice. Alani Coffee comes ready to drink with 10 grams of protein to help you get ahead of a busy day in a convenient 12 fl oz bottle to grab and go.
Bullet Point 3: HOLD THE CALORIES, NOT THE FLAVOR: With each flavor clocking in at only 90 calories, our coffee is gluten-free, high in calcium, low in fat and cholesterol, and sweetened with only 6 grams of sugar. A perfect blend of cold-brewed coffee and cream, Alani Coffee comes in five flavors including cappuccino, vanilla, salted caramel maple donut and mocha.
Bullet Point 4: GLUTEN FREE AND NO ARTIFICAL COLORS: Good energy is a good choice. Our Better-for-you coffee is made gluten free and without artificial colors to ensure that our cold brew supports your beauty and wellness goals from the inside out. Alani Coffee contains milk.
Bullet Point 5: ALANI PROTEIN COFFEE: Here for your taste buds – Alani Nu was founded in 2018 by entrepreneur and influencer, Katy Hearn, Alani Nu is a health and wellness brand focused on providing low-calorie products with unique flavors. Check out everything else from Alani Nu and follow us through our brand store to stay up to date on all things Alani! Alani Coffee is not recommended for Children, People Sensitive to Caffeine, Pregnant Women or Women Nursing
Value: 144.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71WHnwGJMwL.jpg
47314,"Item Name: J-BASKET Dried Somen Noodles, 28.21-Ounce
Bullet Point 1: 12-28..21 ounce Bags
Bullet Point 2: Made from premium wheat grown in Product of Japan
Bullet Point 3: Family size pack
Bullet Point 4: Product of Japan
Value: 28.21
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81EI-it9ndL.jpg
190037,"Item Name: Cafe de Oro de Puerto Rico 14oz / Gold Coffee from Puerto Rico 14oz (1 Bag)
Bullet Point 1: The strong... Rich flavor of Puerto Rico's mountain grown coffee is all captured in this Coffee.
Bullet Point 2: From our growing fields in the mountains of Lares, Puerto Rico to your coffee cup... Bold, Rich and Strong 'till the last sip!
Bullet Point 3: Strong coffee aroma that will wake up your senses.
Bullet Point 4: Our metallized packing provides better protection to the product because of its resistance to impact.
Product Description: ""Café Oro de Puerto Rico"" was born from a Puerto Rican family with a great coffee tradition that for decades has produced and received the best coffee in Puerto Rico. Our ""Gold Coffee of Puerto Rico"" has the most advanced techniques and processes for your benefit from planting to the cup, carrying out the most advanced and strict quality controls in each process carried out in our ""Gold Coffee of Puerto Rico"" guaranteeing the best quality in your coffee cup.
Value: 14.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41GxSu8d2IL.jpg
283484,"Item Name: Nestle La Lechera Dulce de Leche Milk-Based Caramel
Bullet Point 1: One 13.4 fl oz can of Nestle La Lechera Dulce de Leche Milk-Based Caramel SNAP and EBT Eligible item
Bullet Point 2: La Lechera Dulce de Leche never fails to deliver a creamy, sweet luscious texture that adds a sweet touch to your treats or drinks
Bullet Point 3: Just open the can and pour on any treats or desserts from pancakes, cookies and cakes, smoothies, or even coffee
Bullet Point 4: Rich, authentic caramel is made with milk as the first ingredient
Bullet Point 5: Nestle Dulce de Leche contains no artificial flavors
Bullet Point 6: Store La Lechera Dulce de Leche at room temperature and refrigerate after opening
Value: 13.4
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ej-W3YujL.jpg
4624,"Item Name: Amazon Brand - Happy Belly Unrefined Organic Virgin Coconut Oil, 54 fl oz (Pack of 1) (Previously Solimo)
Bullet Point 1: About this Item: Coconut oil in solid form will transform to liquid at temperatures above 75F
Bullet Point 2: Our certified organic coconut oil is made from fresh coconuts sourced directly from farmers in the coconut regions of the Philippines
Bullet Point 3: Each jar is cold-pressed, unrefined coconut oil that is Non-GMO Project Verified, certified gluten-free, and paleo-friendly
Bullet Point 4: With a neutral taste and aroma, our coconut oil is ideal for sautéing, stir-frying or baking without a heavy coconut flavor
Bullet Point 5: The oil will melt at temperatures above 75 F (24 C) and solidify again under cooler temperatures. Nutrition properties remain the same at all temperatures
Bullet Point 6: A dairy-free alternative for smoothies, shakes, and coffee or as a topping on toast, popcorn and salads
Bullet Point 7: 0g trans fat with no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives
Bullet Point 8: A versatile product that is safe to use in liquid or solid form, suitable for a variety of uses from food to skin and hair care
Bullet Point 9: An Amazon brand
Value: 54.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71lOp+rMSAL.jpg
37365,"Item Name: Old El Paso Tortilla Shell, 8.2-Ounce (Pack of 6)
Value: 49.2
Unit: ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91NcxdkOhnL.jpg
150520,"Item Name: Dr. Oetker Vanilla Sugar - Natural - 6 × 8 g
Value: 1.69
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/818FfCGJWLL.jpg
160793,"Item Name: Dentyne Gum, Cinnamon Fire, 16 Count (Pack of 9)
Bullet Point 1: Turn up the heat with strong, hot cinnamon
Bullet Point 2: Sugarless
Value: 144.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71APA2UTQlL.jpg
288758,"Item Name: Manischewitz Matzo Ball Mix, Low Sodium, 5 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: Delicious treat that taste delicious in chicken soup or as a side dish
Bullet Point 2: Matzo ball soup mix contains no cholesterol
Bullet Point 3: Lactose-free
Value: 5.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91WxHXXUbFL.jpg
70721,"Item Name: Rao's Homemade Fusilli Pasta, Non-GMO, 16 Oz (Pack of 6)
Bullet Point: Rao's Homemade Fusilli Pasta, Non-GMO, 16 Oz (Pack of 6)
Value: 96.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81JuHivgIuL.jpg
153130,"Item Name: Sahale Snacks Cranberry Almond With Black Pepper & Orange Zest Bar, No Artificial Flavors or Preservatives, 4 count
Bullet Point: Sometimes it's about what is not in a product that makes it so good no added fats, no trans fats, no preservatives
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/713VHW9ivSL.jpg
253230,"Item Name: Old Spice Fiji with Coconut Men’s 2 in 1 Hydrating Shampoo & Conditioner, 12 fl oz (Packaging May Vary)
Bullet Point 1: Men’s shampoo and conditioner with legendary freshness from start to finish
Bullet Point 2: Combines a cleansing shampoo with rich conditioning
Bullet Point 3: Leaves hair with a fresh, manly scent
Bullet Point 4: Hydrates hair with the power of Old Spice
Bullet Point 5: For your hair, not your pits
Value: 12.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81ltEyqdKjL.jpg
11371,"Item Name: Mendelberg Wonder Lace Edible Lace Paste, Pearl 5.2 Fluid Ounces
Bullet Point 1: Spreads into thin, flexible and stretchable edible lace
Bullet Point 2: Strong, elastic and resilient — springs back into shape
Bullet Point 3: Vegan; GMO free, gluten free, animal-derivatives free
Bullet Point 4: Place your prepared lace on top or around a cake
Bullet Point 5: Certified kosher pareve except on Passover by Eidah Chareidis of Jerusalem
Product Description: <b>Mendelberg Wonder Lace Paste</b><br> <li>Spreads into thin, flexible and stretchable edible lace <li>Strong, elastic and resilient — springs back into shape <li>Vegan; GMO free, gluten free, animal-derivatives free <li>Place your prepared lace on top or around a cake <li>Certified kosher pareve except on Passover by Eidah Chareidis of Jerusalem<br> Allergy info: Contains corn <br><br> <b>How to Use:</b><br> Gently stir the paste for 5 to 10 seconds. Using a confectionery scraper, apply paste to a lace-design silicone mold. (Make sure there are no gaps in the paste). Remove any excess paste with your scraper. Let the lace rest for 12 to 24 hours at room temperature,<br> OR<br> bake lace in a preheated oven at 165 degrees Fahrenheit for 20 to 30 minutes until dry to the touch. Remove lace from the oven and let cool for 20 to 30 seconds. Gently pull lace from the silicone mat/mold at one of the corners and apply to your cake. You may wrap the lace and save for later use. If lace crumbles or does not come off the mat easily, rebake for 5 to 10 minutes. if lace breaks, leave it to rest for 10 to 20 minutes.
Value: 5.2
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81riPyyqgFL.jpg
134200,"Item Name: Stacys Snacks, Pita Crisp Thymed, 6.75 Ounce
Bullet Point 1: 6.75 ounce bag
Bullet Point 2: Does not contain artificial flavors, colors or msg
Bullet Point 3: Light and flaky baked snack
Bullet Point 4: Low saturated fat content
Bullet Point 5: See nutrition facts panel for allergens
Product Description: Stacy's pita crisps, garlic & herb flavor are a natural and healthy a snacking option. Because stacy's pita crisps do not contain artificial colors, flavors or msg, they are free from many harmful and or unnecessary additives. This product has a low saturated fat content and are baked for a rich, toasty flavor. Stacy's pita crisps are packaged in resealable bags to ensure freshness after opening. Each bag of stacy's pita crisps, garlic & herb flavor weighs 6.75 ounce and contains 7 servings, with 130 calories per serving. See nutrition facts panel for allergens.
Value: 6.75
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81vHuipWiAL.jpg
46636,"Item Name: Annie's Naturals Organic Ketchup, 24 oz
Bullet Point 1: Certified Organic
Bullet Point 2: Made with goodness; No artificial colors or preservatives; Naturally gluten-free and vegan
Bullet Point 3: Made with ripe-tomato paste that includes spicy hints of allspice and cloves
Bullet Point 4: Stock up your pantry with delicious organic ketchup
Product Description: You'll fall for the great taste of ketchup all over again with annie's homegrown ketchup. The condiment that is classically paired with everything from french fries and burgers to scrambled eggs and veggies - everything tastes better with ketchup. It's the perfect blend of tomato paste, distilled white vinegar and onion, delicately balanced with spices like sea salt, allspice and clove. Our dressing is gluten-free and USDA-certified organic. And it's vegan. Includes one 24 ounce bottle of annie's homegrown ketchup. Annie's has a commitment to bettering the world through nourishing foods, honest words and conduct that is considerate and kind. From the farms we source our ingredients from all the way to the packaging our food is shipped in, we are conscious not only of your family's health and wellness, but that of the planet.
Value: 24.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Ti0ji6FSL.jpg
255775,"Item Name: BOLD Sriracha Flavored Almonds - case of twelve 6oz cans
Bullet Point: Our BOLD flavors are heating up with new Sriracha flavored almonds. Fans of the bold, complex flavors of Sriracha hot sauce can now experience that tangy heat on Blue Diamond Almonds. So pick up a can and kick up the heat.
Product Description: BOLD Sriracha Flavored Almonds - case of twelve 6oz cans
Value: 72.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71M8G9neO1L.jpg
134099,"Item Name: The Salt Lick BBQ Sauce (Lauren's Spicy Recipe, 3-Pack)
Bullet Point 1: Pack of 3, 12 fl. Oz bottles (total of 36 fl. Oz) Packaging may vary
Bullet Point 2: All natural ingredients, gluten free
Bullet Point 3: Originated in 1967 at a restaurant in Driftwood, Texas named The Salt Lick by Thurman and Hisako Roberts.
Bullet Point 4: Use for smoking, grilling, as a salad dressing, a dipping sauce … just about anything!
Product Description: In 1967, my parents opened their restaurant on the Driftwood ranch where my father was born and raised. It was a popular gathering place for locals, but it was also an attraction for deer who would come to lick the salt and minerals in exposed rocks scattered throughout the property. That’s how Thurman Robert, Sir & Hisako T. Roberts gave the Salt Lick Bar-B-Que its famous name. They did everything by hand. They credited the quality of their food to cooking with love and care, and they were only satisfied when the job was done right. We’re proud to continue that tradition. Please enjoy this recipe, I know it would make them very happy. Sincerely, M. Scott Roberts. Whether they are made in Texas, take on a familiar Texas shape or are inspired by local tastes, Totally Texas products remind us of everything we love about the Lone Star State. Packaging may vary
Value: 36.0
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81-9JNHg4ZL.jpg
132998,"Item Name: McCormick Culinary Cinnamon Sticks, 8 oz - One 8 Ounce Container of Whole Cinnamon Sticks Perfect for Warm Beverages, Mulled Wine, and Dessert Garnishes
Bullet Point 1: SPICY AROMA: McCormick Culinary Cinnamon Sticks have an aroma that’s slightly spicy yet consistently comforting and feature a rich, mid-brown coloring
Bullet Point 2: NATURAL INGREDIENTS: These cinnamon sticks are Kosher with no MSG added for a pure, balanced flavor that all your guests can appreciate
Bullet Point 3: HEARTY TEXTURE: Sourced especially for chefs, McCormick Culinary Cinnamon Sticks feature a hearty texture for exceptional performance that stands up to hot liquids
Bullet Point 4: RESTAURANT QUALITY: Convenient 8-ounce containers fit right into any spices collection and are great for back-of-house use and customizing hot beverages
Bullet Point 5: MENU VERSATILITY: McCormick Culinary premium whole Cinnamon Sticks enhance warm beverages like mulled wine and make a festive and flavorful garnish to any dessert
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81d6kxxTA6L.jpg
245102,"Item Name: Kikkoman Black Bean With Garlic Sauce, No High Fructose Corn Syrup, 8.7 Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Bullet Point: Kikkoman Black Bean With Garlic Sauce, No High Fructose Corn Syrup, 8.7 Ounces (Pack Of 6)
Value: 52.2
Unit: Fl Oz
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81S57GyID9L.jpg
106588,"Item Name: Aiva Ground White Pepper Powder (1 LB Bulk) | A-Grade White Peppercorns for Cooking, Seasoning, and Marinades
Bullet Point 1: 𝗣𝗥𝗘𝗠𝗜𝗨𝗠 𝗚𝗥𝗔𝗗𝗘 𝗪𝗛𝗜𝗧𝗘 𝗣𝗘𝗣𝗣𝗘𝗥: Aiva Ground White Pepper is made from carefully selected white peppercorns, delivering a mild yet distinctive earthy and spicy flavor that enhances a wide variety of dishes.
Bullet Point 2: 𝗩𝗘𝗥𝗦𝗔𝗧𝗜𝗟𝗘 𝗦𝗣𝗜𝗖𝗘 𝗙𝗢𝗥 𝗘𝗩𝗘𝗥𝗬𝗗𝗔𝗬 𝗖𝗢𝗢𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚: Ideal for seasoning soups, stews, curries, and sauces, as well as for creating marinades, dressings, and rubs. It’s the perfect addition to recipes that require a subtle yet peppery heat.
Bullet Point 3: 𝗘𝗦𝗦𝗘𝗡𝗧𝗜𝗔𝗟 𝗜𝗡𝗚𝗥𝗘𝗗𝗜𝗘𝗡𝗧 𝗙𝗢𝗥 𝗖𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗠𝗬 𝗗𝗜𝗦𝗛𝗘𝗦: Unlike black pepper, white pepper blends seamlessly into white sauces, mashed potatoes, creamy soups, and chowders without altering the dish's appearance.
Bullet Point 4: 𝗙𝗜𝗡𝗘𝗟𝗬 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗡𝗗 𝗙𝗢𝗥 𝗠𝗔𝗫𝗜𝗠𝗨𝗠 𝗙𝗟𝗔𝗩𝗢𝗥: The fine texture of this ground white pepper ensures it disperses evenly, enhancing the aroma and taste of your recipes with just a small sprinkle.
Bullet Point 5: 𝗣𝗘𝗥𝗙𝗘𝗖𝗧 𝗙𝗢𝗥 𝗚𝗟𝗢𝗕𝗔𝗟 𝗖𝗨𝗜𝗦𝗜𝗡𝗘𝗦: An essential spice in European, Chinese, and Southeast Asian recipes, Aiva White Pepper Powder adds a signature heat to stir-fries, dumplings, and savory baked goods.
Product Description: 𝗣𝗥𝗘𝗠𝗜𝗨𝗠 𝗚𝗥𝗔𝗗𝗘 𝗪𝗛𝗜𝗧𝗘 𝗣𝗘𝗣𝗣𝗘𝗥: Aiva Ground White Pepper is made from carefully selected white peppercorns, delivering a mild yet distinctive earthy and spicy flavor that enhances a wide variety of dishes.
Value: 1.0
Unit: Count
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81het9IiJzL.jpg
40475,"Item Name: Larabar Gluten Free Bar, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, 1.6 oz Bars (5 Count), Whole Food Gluten Free Bars, Dairy Free Snacks
Bullet Point 1: RAISE A BAR TO REAL: With 100% real ingredients, you can Raise A Bar to what you love! Larabar makes simple snacks you can feel good about eating with many gluten free, dairy free and vegan options to choose from
Bullet Point 2: 100% REAL INGREDIENTS: Larabar Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip is made from just 4 simple ingredients: dates, peanuts, chocolate chips and sea salt
Bullet Point 3: CLEAN EATING MADE SIMPLE: Kosher, Dairy Free, Vegan, Non-GMO, Soy Free, Gluten Free
Bullet Point 4: REAL LIFE CALLS FOR REAL FOOD: Real life calls for real ingredients to help you conquer your day, conveniently wrapped and perfect for packing on the go
Bullet Point 5: CONTAINS: 1 box with 5 bars
Value: 8.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81bjYOw-BhL.jpg
35737,"Item Name: Organicville Teriyaki Island Sauce, 13.5 oz
Bullet Point 1: USDA organic
Bullet Point 2: Gluten free
Value: 13.5
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/812T3cXyrqL.jpg
75488,"Item Name: McCormick Ground Cinnamon, 2.37 oz
Bullet Point 1: McCormick Ground Cinnamon is aged up to 15 years for rich flavor
Bullet Point 2: Versatile spice for sweet and savory recipes
Bullet Point 3: Non GMO
Bullet Point 4: FlavorSealed bottle for shelf stable, long-lasting spices
Bullet Point 5: Sprinkle over oatmeal, cinnamon toast or coffee for fresh cinnamon flavor
Bullet Point 6: Great for holiday baking, including gingerbread cookies, pumpkin pie and cinnamon rolls
Bullet Point 7: Add to savory dishes like sweet potatoes, butternut squash, chili or spice rubs
Bullet Point 8: Uses 50% post-consumer recycled bottle to reduce carbon footprint
Bullet Point 9: 2.37 oz bottle
Value: 2.37
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71ZpHOvcnVL.jpg
243789,"Item Name: Food to Live Hulled Barley Grain, 5 Pounds – 100% Whole Grain, Vegan, Great for Home Baking, Brewing, Grinding. Rich in Selenium, Fiber. Perfect for Chili, Stews, Hot Cereal, Salads. Made in USA
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ 100% WHOLE GRAINS OF PREMIUM QUALITY: Hulled Barley by Food to Live is a premium quality whole grain product. Moreover, it is Raw and suitable for vegans.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️ HIGHLY NUTRITIOUS: Being a whole grain, Hulled Barley is a great source of valuable minerals, including Magnesium, Phosphorus, Potassium, Calcium, Manganese, Selenium, Niacin, Folate, and Copper. Moreover, it is high in fiber and Vitamins A and E.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️ VERSATILE & DELICIOUS: Hulled Barley has a chewy texture and a nutty flavor. Use it for chilis, stews, pilaf, stir-fries, casseroles, soups, protein bowls, and salads. Moreover, use Hulled Barley for baking by grinding it into flour at home; or brewing beer by “malting” barley berries.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️ PRODUCT OF USA: Hulled Barley by Food to Live has been produced and packaged in the USA. It is cholesterol-free and low in fat.
Bullet Point 5: ✔️ GREAT STORAGE LIFE: Consider shopping Hulled Barley in bulk, as it is a budget-friendly option. It’s storage time is up to 2 years.
Product Description: Food to Live Hulled Barley is a whole grain product, in which the outer indigestible husk is removed, and the rest of the grain remains intact. Another barley variety you may have heard of is Pearl Barley; this type is processed by removing an additional fiber-rich bran from Hulled Barley. Although Hulled and Pearled barley taste very similar, the former is more versatile and nutrient dense.<br><br> Nutritional Value of Hulled Barley<br><br> Whole Grain Barley is an incredible source of fiber, Magnesium, Phosphorus, Potassium, and Calcium. It is also rich in Manganese, Selenium, Niacin, Folate, and Copper, not to mention Vitamins A and E. Moreover, Hulled Barley grain is cholesterol-free and is low in fat. <br><br> Culinary Uses <br><br> While Hulled Barley has a chewier texture and nuttier taste than Pearl Barley, it serves as a neutral base in many recipes. It tastes delicious in soups, casseroles, stir-fries, stews, chili, pilafs, and salads. It is also a great swap for your morning oatmeal. Use Hulled Barley for baking as it is perfect for home grinding. Withal, you can “malt” barley by soaking it several times and then heat-drying immediately once it starts germinating. Use malted barley for brewing beer as well as making candies, milkshakes, and vinegar.<br><br> Cooking Instructions<br><br> Stovetop method: <br> 1.Take Hulled Barley and water in the ratio of 1:3. <br> 2.Season with salt and bring it to boil over high heat in a medium saucepan.<br> 3.Turn to low heat. Continue simmering until all the liquid is absorbed and barley is tender and has a slightly chewy texture (about 45 - 50 minutes).<br><br> Instant pot:<br> 1.Place 1 cup of Hulled Barley, 3 cups of water in the instant pot, add salt, and a little oil.<br> 2.Close the lid and set the instant pot to high pressure for 25-30 minutes.
Value: 80.0
Unit: Ounce
",https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81xCXIGNGlL.jpg
93502,"Item Name: Food to Live Organic Pine Nuts, 8 Ounces – Non-GMO, Whole Raw Pignolias, Unsalted, No Shell, Vegan, Kosher, Bulk Snack. Rich in Vitamin E, Protein. Great for Pesto, Salads, Homemade Desserts
Bullet Point 1: ✔️ ORGANIC & NON-GMO: Food to Live Organic Pine Nuts are USDA Organic and Non-GMO. They’re Raw, Kosher, and suitable for various diets including paleo and vegan.
Bullet Point 2: ✔️ UNSALTED, NO SHELL: Pine nuts are small and elongated seeds from the cones of pine trees. Once the cones are collected, they are dried and processed to open their scales and remove the pine kernels.
Bullet Point 3: ✔️ HIGHLY NUTRITIOUS: Our Organic Pine Nuts are rich in Omega-3 & Omega-6 fats, B-group vitamins, and vitamin E. They're also a great source of Pinolenic acid and Manganese.
Bullet Point 4: ✔️ SNACK & INGREDIENT: Enjoy our fresh pine nuts as a delicately sweet, and nutty snack. You may also blend them into a creamy pesto sauce, or add them to cookies and baked goods for a nutty crunch.